 Neurobiologist. Your check engine light is on.
 But the light indicates…
 Dandruff shampoo. I have dry scalp.
 Are you a homosexual?
 Hmm. Would have been more flattered if you were a homosexual.
 No, thank you.
 No.
 That's an amusing factoid.
 Is this true?
 Once a year. It's a deal I made with my mother in exchange for her silence on the matter, as well as the occasional use of her George Foreman Grill that seals in the flavour without the fat. How about you, Penny? Do you go on many dates?
 Remarkable. Did you have sexual intercourse with all of these men?
 This is very interesting. Cultural perceptions are subjective. Penny, to your mind, are you a slut?
 Does volunteering for a scientific experiment in which orgasm was achieved by electronically stimulating the pleasure centres of the brain count?
 Then 128.
 In a world where rhinoceroses are domesticated pets, who wins the Second World War?
 Defend.
 Correct. My turn.
 Tuned bayonets.
 Isn't it obvious?
 We postulate an alternate world that differs from ours in one key aspect and then pose questions to each other.
 In a world ruled by a giant beaver, mankind builds many dams to please the beaver overlord. The low-lying city of Copenhagen is flooded. Thousands die. Devastated, the Danes never invent their namesake pastry. How does one miss that?
 Is he always like this when he loses?
 Perhaps it would be kinder to play a game more suited to his abilities. We'll close our eyes and count to ten while you hide.
 Very good, Leonard. But next time, don't tell us where you're hiding.
 Hello.
 I must take responsibility. I had to stop for feminine hygiene supplies.
 Actually, I'm not. In order to avoid surprises, I wear them all the time.
 Shamy?
 Oh. I don't like that. Don't do that.
 Well, just recently, I learned that you refer to us as Shamy, and I don't like that.
 Like everybody else's. Subject to entropy, decay and eventual death. Thank you for asking. Why is she not taking our order?
 Really? I assumed an establishment called the Cheesecake Factory would function more efficiently.
 You're right, he's a festival of humdrum chitchat.
 I doubt you'd understand. Sheldon tells me you only have a master's degree.
 I'm curious as to why we're not eating alone.
 It's very impressive, for theoretical work.
 I'm sorry, was I being too subtle? I meant compared to the real-world applications of neurobiology, theoretical physics is, what's the word I'm looking for? Hmm, cute.
 I'm stating it outright. Babinski eats Dirac for breakfast and defecates Clarke-Maxwell.
 Absolutely not. My colleagues and I are mapping the neurological substrates that subserve global information processing, which is required for all cognitive reasoning, including scientific inquiry, making my research ipso facto prior in the ordo cognoscendi. That means it's better than his research, and by extension, of course, yours.
 Yes, but if I'm successful, I will be able to map and reproduce your thought processes in deriving a grand unified theory, and therefore, subsume your conclusions under my paradigm.
 We appear to have reached an impasse.
 Seconded.
 Good day, Sheldon Cooper.
 Your mother thinks you might be losing your mind over me. As a neurobiologist, I was curious.
 Excellent point.
 Touche.
 I'll agree to that only if you'll stipulate that 80% of our difficulties were caused by you.
 Sixty-five.
 I do. I find being cast in the role of bad girl oddly titillating.
 I would. I love cats. They're the epitome of indifference.
 Next!
 Next!
 May I offer an observation?
 From a neurobiological standpoint, Leonard, you may be alone because your psychological state is causing an actual pheromone-based stink of desperation.
 I understand that some people find mates in social gathering places such as bars or taverns. Have you tried a bar or tavern?
 That's not true of all bars. Juice bars, for example.
 That was rude.
 Cornucopia. What a mellifluous word.
 Agreed. And we'll use mellifluous tomorrow.
 Wait. I have a request.
 I'd like you to meet my mother.
 Certainly. Good night.
 Amy Farrah Fowler.
 All right.
 Sheldon?
 I believe a misunderstanding may have occurred when I asked you to meet my mother.
 In what way are you screwed? All I want to do is present you as my boyfriend to my mother so she'll be satisfied that I'm in a relationship.
 Precisely.
 Don't be absurd. I find the notion of romantic love to be an unnecessary cultural construct that adds no value to human relationships.
 I trust this clarification allows us to return to boy-slash-friend-slash-girl-slash-friend status.
 Sheldon, please, you're suffocating me.
 Good night, Sheldon.
 You wanted me to have a boyfriend, Mother. Well, here he is. Have to sign off now. My hunger for Sheldon is stirring in my loins.
 Thank you, Sheldon, that went very well.
 Actually, as the newest member of your social group, I believe I'll gain more acceptance by arbitrarily siding with your friends from time to time.
 Leonard, you're right. We should enjoy our meal, arrive late, and risk winding up with terrible seats, assuming we get in at all.
 See? It's working.
 Girls' night? What does that entail?
 I'm a girl.
 No need. Penny and I are very close.
 Yes. In fact, our menses are synchronized. Penny. Bernadette tells me you're planning a girls' night.
 I'm a girl.
 Yes, but they're not girls. I'm a girl.
 What's the dress code?
 All right. I'll have to go shopping.
 So anyway, to make a long story short, turns out I have an unusually firm cervix.
 Shame. ‘Cause I have a real zinger about my titled uterus.
 A colleague of mine did her graduate thesis on the fungus that grows on improperly sterilized manicure implements. Well don't tell me that's not girl talk.
 Yes, and continue to bond. I have a feeling that after tonight, one of you will become my best friend forever. Or BFF, if you prefer. Which I don't.
 Oh, good, a slumber party! We'll do makeovers, initiate phony phone calls, and have spirited pillow fights in our frilly nighties!
 Well, that's disappointing. I've always wanted to be invited to a slumber party.
 Well, there was the time I had my tonsils out, and I shared a room with a little Vietnamese girl. She didn't make it through the night, but up till then, it was kind of fun.
 Pillow fight!
 My nails have never looked so pretty before. Get it off.
 I'm not sure I grasp the full entertainment value, but all right. Next on Wikipedia's list of slumber party activities, Truth or Dare.
 Hang on. I'm familiarizing myself with the rules. Seems fairly straightforward. Bernadette, truth or dare?
 All right. To what temperature must you heat beef in order to kill the prion that causes bovine spongiform encephalopathy?
 Remember, you have to answer honestly.
 Oh. All right. What is the circumference of your areolas?
 And Absolon hath kist hir nether yea, and Nicholas is scalded in the towte. This tale is doon, and God save al the rowte.”
 Bernadette dared me to tell a dirty story. The Miller's Tale by Chaucer is the dirtiest story I know. It would have been hidden in sock drawers if people in the 14th century had worn socks.
 You might not like it as much if you knew what nether yea meant. Hint, if one cares about hygiene, one ought not be kissing it.
 Oh, that's an excellent question. For two people who claim to be no longer pair-bonded, you spend an inordinate amount of time in each other's company.
 I don't believe the rules allow for an ex post facto option change.
 Then, why did you terminate your relationship with him?
 Interesting. How will you react if, in the future, you become ready for it, and Leonard is unavailable, because another woman has realized that he is, to use your words, a great guy?
 That one.
 Well, I'm not sure how this is scored, but I believe we may have won.
 Clearly, losing Truth or Dare upset her. Perhaps we should try to take her mind off it with another popular slumber party activity.
 Well, the Internet suggests that slumber party guests often engage in harmless experimentation with lesbianism.
 Penny?
 Don't worry. I'll avoid the nether yea.
 Did you know that the iconic Valentine's heart shape is not actually based on the shape of a human heart, but rather on the shape of the buttocks of a female bending over?
 Hoo.
 I'm often flummoxed by current slang. Does went out mean had intercourse?
 Interesting. And was it not satisfactory?
 Hoo.
 I'm suddenly feeling flushed. My heart rate is elevated, my palms are clammy, my mouth is dry. In addition, I keep involuntarily saying hoo.
 It's no mystery. I obviously have the flu coupled with sudden-onset Tourette's syndrome.
 It's too thin if I were making a foot-long brain sandwich at Quiznos. For examination under a two-photon microscope, it's fine.
 Very well. If you die and donate your body to science, I promise to slice your brain like Canadian bacon.
 Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to take my temperature.
 No, I experienced some distressing symptoms last night, so I'm checking my vital signs every hour.
 Oh, that sounds like fun.
 Elevated heart rate, moist palms, dry mouth and localized vascular throbbing.
 Ears and genitalia.
 I was sitting in a restaurant with Penny and Bernadette, drinking water, carbonated as it was a special occasion. Penny's friend Zack stopped by and said hello and I said hoo.
 Zack.
 Ask what?
 Zack.
 Hoo.
 Why do you keep saying Zack?
 I'm not saying hoo now. I said hoo last night.
 There was no question. I simply said hoo.
 Where would I have picked up an alien parasite?
 My blood work shows thyroid function normal. Cortisol levels normal.
 Sheldon, I am not going through menopause.
 I think we need to face the cold, hard truth, I was sexually aroused by Penny's friend Zack.
 Let's look at this logically. I have a stomach, I get hungry. I have genitals, I have the potential for sexual arousal.
 Religion?
 No.
 Are you suggesting we live our lives guided by the philosophies found in cheap science fiction?
 What are you doing?
 Is it possible that your concern for me at this moment is motivated by nothing more than simple jealousy?
 And?
 You reject it because you don't feel jealousy, or because you are suppressing jealousy?
 That's not your lunch, Sheldon, those are the cadaver brain specimens.
 I'm sure it'll wash off.
 There's Zack.
 It's not what I want to do, it's what I have to do.
 Thank you, Sheldon. You're a good friend.
 Excuse me? Zack? I am Amy Farrah Fowler. We met the other night. I have spent my life in pursuit of pure knowledge. Until I met you, my decisions were founded in logic and reason. And yet here I stand before you, 130 pounds of raging estrogen, longing to grab hold of your gluteus maximus and make Shakespeare's metaphorical beast with two backs.
 On the other hand, as I look at the blank, ape-like expression on your face, I have decided to adopt the Vulcan practice of Kolinar. Good-bye, Zack.
 As am I.
 An experiment. Nope. Nothing. Never mind.
 Penny, a moment? Do you have plans this weekend?
 That's too bad. I was hoping you could be my plus-one at the Institute of Interdisciplinary Studies' symposium on the impact of current scientific research on societal interactions.
 Shame. Since you're my best friend, I thought it would be a good bonding opportunity.
 Don't you read my blog?
 Do you know anybody else who would appreciate an all-expense-paid spa weekend at a four-star resort in Big Sur?
 Please don't touch my breasts.
 All right. I just want to establish boundaries.
 That does seem to be a valid principle.
 I don't believe there's any such thing.
 Yes! He had you in the other car, but I got you upgraded.
 No, we discussed it. We decided we didn't want to jeopardize our relationship by getting to know each other too well.
 Don't worry, Penny. You're my plus-one. You'll bunk with me. And FYI, travel makes me constipated, so I'm the ideal hotel roommate.
 Are you usually radioactive when found in nature?
 Are you in the lanthanoid series?
 I missed you.
 Still nothing. Remind me to try again in an hour.
 So, girl talk?
 Do you subscribe to the Freudian theory of penis envy?
 Sometimes I think it might be nice to have one.
 Not for sex, for convenience. You can't deny that, by comparison, our internal plumbing is extremely high maintenance.
 We have time now. Think about it.
 Not necessary. Penny and I are perfectly comfortable sharing a bed.
 Of course, we're best friends.
 Word of warning, though. I'm prone to night terrors, so if I wake up kicking and screaming, don't panic. Just pin me down and stroke my hair, and I'll be fine.
 Are we talking about women wanting penises? Because I'd like to weigh in.
 Hi, bestie.
 Leonard, can I ask you a question?
 Are you bothered by the fact that your former girlfriend left the symposium with what is probably the most beautiful man I've ever seen in my life?
 Because we're going 120 miles per hour.
 So, what do you think?
 Not even when I do this? 
 Well, that was the last arrow in my quiver of whimsy.
 If this humiliating experience is really troubling you, there are things we could do about it.
 Well, the first thing that comes to mind is isolating the part of your brain where the memory is stored and destroying it with a laser.
 All right. Have you considered improving your socialization skills, thus allowing you to communicate more effectively with other people?
 Fair enough, but in its essence, teaching is a performance art. In the classroom paradigm, the teacher has the responsibility to communicate, as well as entertain and engage.
 Perhaps you should consider taking acting lessons.
 Well, normally I respect your macho rebellious attitude toward The Man, but, in this case, I think you've made a foolish mistake.
 Sheldon, like it or not, until you manage to upload your intelligence into a self-sustaining orbiting satellite, equipped with high-speed Internet and a cloaking device, you will be dependent on other members of the human race.
 I'm not finished. All scientists have to fund-raise, Sheldon. How do you think I paid for my lab? I went to Saudi Arabia and met with a prince who had an interest in neurobiology.
 Technically, Faisal is my fiance. But I do have a state-of-the-art two-photon microscope and a place to stay in Riyadh for the winter.
 And consider this, without you to make the case for the physics department, the task will fall to people like Leonard and Rajesh.
 Well, then prepare to be terrified. If your friends are unconvincing, this year's donations might go to, say, the geology department.
 Or worse, it could go to the liberal arts.
 Millions of dollars being showered on poets, literary theorists and students of gender studies.
 I came as quickly as I could.
 To comfort you, of course. Sheldon told me about Leonard dating Rajesh's sister. So I high-tailed it over here to pick up the pieces of your broken heart.
 You don't have to be strong for me. Now let's talk about Priya, that man-stealing bitch.
 In situations like this, best girlfriends are often catty about the other woman. Rawr.
 Oh. Then perhaps you don't understand what's going on. Your former boyfriend has replaced you with what appears to be a very suitable mate. Arguably much more suitable than you.
 Well, granted, Penny, your secondary sexual characteristics are reasonably bodacious. But Priya is highly educated, she's an accomplished professional, and she comes from the culture that literally wrote the book on neat ways to have sex. Whereas you, on the other hand, are a community college dropout who comes from the culture that wrote the book on tipping cows.
 This is a portable electroencephalogram. I'm doing research on emotions and brain activity. So when you start crying, I can see which region of the brain is activated. Then I'm going to stimulate the analogous area in the brain of a rhesus monkey and see if he cries. Cool, huh?
 Hi, bestie.
 So, how you holding up?
 Oh, who are you kidding? She's breathtaking.
 I'm regretting my earlier cattiness. She is an absolute delight.
 I just wanted to check in on you.
 It seems like the appropriate thing to do when one's best friend finds herself replaced by a smart, beautiful woman with the smouldering sexuality of a crouched Bengal tiger.
 It's okay, it's okay.
 Now, let's get these electrodes attached and see what's going on in that pretty little noggin of yours.
 What up, bestie? Good news. Thanks to you, I was able to make a rhesus monkey cry like a disgraced televangelist.
 So, you feeling better?
 Sheldon, you have a guest who's upset.
 Sheldon, are you all right? When last we spoke, you were going to take a taxi home from Raj's, but according to Facebook, you just checked in at the Cheesecake Factory.
 Wise.
 Hi, bestie.
 Fine. From this angle, I can see up your nose.
 Penny, I'm sorry you got dragged into this. I know you're devastated that your ex-boyfriend has found an exciting new lover with flawless, caramel-coloured skin.
 Your flaring nostrils indicate otherwise.
 Sheldon, look at me. I think it's time to face the fact that Leonard is the nucleus of your social group. Where he goes, the group goes.
 I'm not saying that you're not fun. You're the most fun person I know.
 Don't be needy, bestie. That's probably part of what chased Leonard away. What I am saying, Sheldon, is that your group is Leonard-centric. If it were a town, it would be Leonardville. If it were an Islamic nation, Leonardstan. If it were the birthplace of motion pictures, we'd all be singing Hooray for Leonardwood.
 So needy.
 Yo, P-dog.
 Parenthetical, the term kidnap is being used playfully.
 Good. Now put this pillowcase over your head.
 She used to be much more fun, until Leonard punched her in the heart.
 You do understand that it will distract you from obsessing over the rich variety of sweet loving that your ex-boyfriend is currently receiving from the fiery jewel of Mumbai.
 Yes.
 If you'd have let me bring the chloroform, we wouldn't have had to put up with all this jibber-jabber.
 Yes, perhaps somewhere packed tightly with young, beautiful bodies sweating and writhing against each other in a glorious orgy of the flesh.
 That should display enough of your bosom to attract a new mate, or a hungry infant.
 What's that like?
 You know, if being on your own is new to you, I'd be happy to share some tension-relieving techniques for ladies I've perfected over the years. For example, do you have an electric toothbrush?
 You should get one.
 It appears to be something preserved between two pieces of acrylic.
 Saying that while holding a snowflake is a little bit heavy-handed, don't you think?
 Outstanding. And if we fail, we can always stop at CVS and pick you out a nice toothbrush. I call mine Gerard.
 I think you're on.
 Ah, here's the alcohol and drug peer pressure Mother warned me about. I was starting to think it was never going to happen. Yes, please.
 I'm drunk.
 This may be the alcohol talking, but I believe there is. Are you familiar with the recent study of Tanzanian chimpanzees by Nishida and Hosaka out of Kyoto University?
 Primates, such as ourselves, have a natural instinct to ostracize ill-mannered members of the troop. Bernadette's urge to shun, scowl or fling her waste at Priya is hard-wired into her DNA.
 Believe me, it's there, we all have it. Hit me with some more booze, and I'll show you.
 Well, well, well. Look who it is.
 Because I do that now.
 Four women walk down the stairs, how many reach the lobby?
 I'm glad you talked me into this. We work so hard, sometimes, it's nice to goof off and do something silly.
 Say, I heard an interesting tidbit about Howard and Bernadette.
 Now, now. Evolutionary biologist Robin Dunbar has identified gossip as an aid to social bonding in large groups.
 What if he's right? And by not participating in gossip, society breaks down into small feral bands of tattooed motorcycle riders fighting to the death over the last few cans of tuna fish?
 Bernadette is thinking about breaking up with Howard.
 Did I tell you our lab got a grant to study addiction?
 Fascinating work. I recently trained a capuchin monkey to smoke cigarettes.
 Yes. He looks much cooler than the non-smoking monkeys. Although it's not much of a contest. The other monkeys just sit around and masturbate.
 By all means.
 I don't understand. The original piece of gossip indicated an impending breakup.
 It's not surprising that the story has captured the attention of our little circle of friends. Are you familiar with meme theory?
 Meme theory suggests that items of gossip are like living things that seek to reproduce using humans as their host.
 I should think so. That's gold.
 Do you have any ethical qualms regarding human experimentation?
 We need to fabricate a tantalizing piece of gossip.
 Then we'll track its progress through our social group and interpret the results through the competing academic prisms of memetic theory, algebraic gossip and epidemiology.
 Sheldon and I engaged in sexual intercourse. In other news, I'm thinking of starting an herb garden. Mum's the word. Gotta go.
 Every word. Our false gossip meme appears to have reached node lambda.
 Agreed. It appears the rate of gossip transmission is proportional to the number of nodes squared.
 Slow down, Sheldon. I'm not quite there yet.
 Bernadette just asked about my sexual encounter with you. The meme has reached full penetration.
 No. Happy accident.
 I should let you know that she asked for details about our dalliance.
 Pun intended?
 Not important. I described your lovemaking as aloof, but effective.
 I wonder what changed her mind.
 As good an explanation as any.
 Yes, not important. Just stopped by to let you know I'm getting orthotics. Also, I'm carrying Sheldon's baby. Mum's the word.
 Wow. Is there anything on there about orthotics?
 Fair warning, we can get ker-razy.
 Why did you bring him? He's harshing my buzz.
 I need some context.
 And that opens her up To justifiable ridicule for wearing them. Good one, Bernadette. See? Ker-razy.
 You smell like baby powder.
 Oh, I'm not confused at all. You're like a sexy toddler.
 I'm available for experimentation.
 Oh, blah, blah, blah. Give me some sugar, bestie.
 Really?
 I kissed a girl and I liked it, I hope my boyfriend don't mind it.
 How come if we're the smart people, we don't do this every night?
 My burps taste like cranberry juice.
 Would you like to come in for a nightcap?
 I have yoo-hoo.
 Make yourself comfortable.
 Oh, that's just Ricky.
 Don't be silly. He's one of the animals in my department's nicotine addiction study.
 I'm giving him emphysema. The least I can do is let him hang out and watch cable.
 A little. The real danger is him biting my face off while I'm sleeping.
 Yeah. He's kind of an ass.
 Of course. What's rattling around that big bulbous brain of yours?
 And you want me to kill her? Done.
 I trained Ricky how to smoke. I can train him to shoot a poison dart. No jury would convict us because people love monkeys.
 Excuse me. Have you considered that your intelligence might be the very thing causing your dilemma?
 What do you think Ricky over here would do if an interloper encroached on his territory?
 You're being too literal. My point is, he would not meekly surrender to the rules, and neither should you.
 Yes, dirty. Dirty, dirty, dirty. Which brings me to our next order of business.
 I hope you don't take what I'm about to do as a comment on what we just did.
 It most assuredly is not.
 Yes. I also found a Korean man's business card tucked into my cleavage. What happened last night?
 Sheldon?
 Okay. Don't really know where we go from here.
 Terrific. Thank you. They were out of menthols! Get off my back! Not easy living with a temperamental little primate.
 I must say, Penny, this is great fun.
 Until I met you and Bernadette, my trips to the bathroom had been entirely focused on elimination. Now they have a delightful social aspect.
 Of course I have. But they were strangers and seemed off-put when I engaged in friendly stall-to-stall chit-chat.
 You okay in there, bestie?
 The reason I ask is that many people experience bladder shyness, the inability to pass urine
 She always this crabby when she urinates?
 And I'll be right by your side.
 No, it's not. It's a strategic manoeuvre. Leonard's new girlfriend is testing Bernadette's loyalty to you and the group. That bitch is crafty.
 Of course. How does the cheetah attack a herd of wildebeests? By going after its weakest member.
 Your trusting nature coupled with your teeny-tiny body. You wouldn't last a minute on the Serengeti.
 Oh, no. You have to go.
 You are, with hair that smells like strawberries. And we're going to use that to our advantage.
 By accepting the invitation, Bernadette becomes a double agent inside the enemy camp. She could ferret out Priya's tactics, identify her weaknesses and feed her false information, such as, Leonard's no stranger to back-alley cockfights.
 Don't worry. I'll teach you. I did two years of Cub Scouts before they found out I was a girl.
 How do you feel about concealing a recording device in the cleavage of your ample bosom?
 Come on, Strawberries. Take one for the team.
 Oh, my metatarsal are barking.
 Yeah, yeah. I'm just breaking in some new shoes.
 Thank you. Did you know that women wear high heels to make the buttocks and breasts more prominent?
 Look.
 Please, Leonard, don't leer, you have a girlfriend.
 So, are you off to dinner with Priya, Howard and Bernadette?
 I heard it at the mall, when I was shopping with my girlfriends, because, you know, that's kind of my life now. Have a good night. Try not to ogle my caboose as I walk away.
 I don't understand. Is this a way to break in new shoes?
 Good news
 Bernadette is with Priya and Leonard. Message received. Commence operation “Priya Wouldn't Wanna Be-ya.”
 I wish. A clique requires friends. I didn't have any.
 I used to take my lunch down to the maintenance room and eat with the janitor. It was nice until his wife called me a puta and made me stop. Hang on. It's the wildebeest. Priya just made a snide comment about your acting career.
 She thinks it's cool you're following your dream, no matter what.
 How do you want to handle it?
 Got it. Is it going to be in 3-D?
 I'm gonna say 3-D. That'll let her know the studio has faith in it.
 Good golly, Penny, your whimsy is boundless. What do you got for me, wildebeest?
 Calm down. Everything's going to be okay. We may have to kill her. Bernadette, I'm putting you on speakerphone. Where are you now?
 Oh, look at this, another one of our classic bathroom gabfests. What's the problem?
 Just change the subject.
 What astronaut story?
 I texted architect. That's amusing. Auto-correct must've changed it.
 Architect. Where would you have met an astronaut?
 It's indeed admirable. Although, it is microbiology.
 I'll make it simple for you. I study the brain, the organ responsible for Beethoven's Fifth Symphony. Bernadette studies yeast, the organism responsible for Michelob Lite. Is there something wrong with your neck?
 Have you considered massage?
 I was proposing you massage your muscles with your own hands.
 Trust me. With your right hand, locate the spot where the scapula meets the acromion process.
 Now push your third finger along the ridge of the shoulder blade, making a small rotation as you do so.
 You should feel a small node-like object rolling back and forth along the bone.
 Obviously. Now bear down on it like the seventh grade noogies we all know too well.
 Don't flatter yourself. Your hands are blunt tools guided by my knowledge of the nervous system. I could just as easily have paralyzed you.
 That doesn't interest me. Goodbye.

