 Who's ready for a wedding?
 Are you excited to see your son walk down the aisle?
 Sheldon, they haven't done anything wrong. I think it's nice they're hitting it off.
 It was a lot hotter than it sounds.
 It's happening.
 You'll be at the airport an hour before your flight.
 Sheldon, you're mother's an attractive woman. You need to get use to the fact that men are going to be interested in her.
 I will not have you be disrespectful to me.
 Does that help?
 What's wrong?
 You did already know, right?
 Why don't you want anyone to know?
 Where did you get empty Dove Bar wrappers?
 Well, whatever happens, we're here for you.
 What?
 Oh, but you did it so well. That's amazing, it's like watching a sculptor, but your clay was lies.
 I mean, seriously, you have got to let me scan your brain when you're being dishonest so I can see what lights up.
 I can see a clump of bitch cells lightin' up from here.
 Hi. Howard told me you were working late, so I brought dinner.
 I spent my day alone in the lab waiting for a rat to die of anthrax.
 Well, I came to see how you were feeling, but I'm guessing still angry?
 You really think they're gonna start treating you differently?
 I am really regretting that I got you a Happy Meal.
 I understand how you feel.
 I wish there were some way I could make it better.
 Uh, actually, I got you apple slices because you're pregnant.
 I'll be right back.
 Well, we didn't see you last night, we're not gonna see you today, so we thought we could have breakfast together.
 Well, Sheldon was supposed to go to this party with me this afternoon, but I don't think that's happening.
 Well, to be honest, it's not like a party party, it's more like a gathering where scientists of different disciplines get together to share their work and keep current on what's going on in other fields. I don't know why I called it a party, sorry.
 Hi, Bert. This is my friend, Penny.
 Bert's a geologist.
 Oh, actually, we're an hour late.
 I don't know where everyone is.
 Okay. I feel so bad about leaving him here.
 No.
 I'm sure it's just because I'm dating Sheldon.
 Just the right idea at the right time.
 And you thought this wasn't gonna be a great party.
 Well, it's not exactly like it. We're all extremely smart.
 Thank you so much, Bert. This was great.
 I think we're good.
 Bye.
 And there was water everywhere, it was such a mess.
 About five weeks.
 Well, the pipe was over my closet, so all my clothes are gone.
 They didn't say.
 Really?
 You're sure that's not an inconvenience?
 So, technically, I'd be moving in with my boyfriend?
 Oh, my, this is a big step.
 What do you think?
 Sheldon, I understand your apprehension, but let me appeal to the scientist in you. Given the five-week end date, isn't it the perfect opportunity to consider this an experiment and collect data on our compatibility?
 So, is that a yes?
 Sheldon, what do you think?
 Seriously?
 Oh. This is so exciting.
 You've been roommates with Sheldon forever. Do you have any advice?
 I don't know. I didn't count.
 That's me. Listen, you and I are gonna be sharing a bed. You know, this is uncharted territory for both of us. How are you feeling about that?
 Well, if you're nervous about the sleeping arrangements, maybe we should talk about it.
 Well, I imagine one of your concerns might be coital expectations.
 Look, I know this experiment is a big step outside of your comfort zone. So why don't we take being physical off the table and maybe later on, once we're more settled in, we can revisit it.
 I've never lived with someone, either. This is a lot for me, too.
 Good call. Seeing your Teen Titans underwear really got my motor running.
 Thank you.
 Shall we?
 Come on, Sheldon.
 Well, that's it. For the next five weeks, we are officially living together.
 Doesn't matter to me. Your choice.
 Well, Sheldon, I really appreciate that, but these things mean more to you than they do to me, so whatever you want.
 Well, I'm not refusing. I'm just trying to be considerate.
 Sheldon, will you please just pick a side?
 Great. That's your side.
 Okay, I'll take that side.
 Rising rapidly.
 Okay. What if we do this?
 Great.
 Ugh. What is that? Why did you switch sides?
 Comfy?
 Sheldon? I know we took coitus off the table, but I was wondering how you feel about other forms of intimacy, such as snuggling.
 Sheldon, I've made more than enough accommodations for you. We're both grown adults, we've been far more intimate than this. If you don't want to snuggle, fine, but we're not building a pillow wall.
 Oh, oh, oh.
 Hang on.
 I'm so sore. I don't think I slept two minutes last night.
 It's not what you think.
 I don't know if I can make it through five weeks living with him.
 Miserable and exhausted.
 Well, I didn't, and it's your fault.
 Sheldon, maybe living together is a bad idea.
 The kind who almost put a pillow over your face last night.
 I'm sorry, are you questioning my integrity as a scientist?
 What would a theoretical physicist understand about an experiment anyway? I mean, you wouldn't know a confounding variable if two of them hit you in the face at the same time. And you don't even get that joke, because you don't even work with confounding variables.
 Oh, you heard me. Your experimental bona fides are laughable.
 Can't make fun of something that's a null set.
 Well, for science, maybe I will.
 Fine.
 Good.
 Do you want to go to our place and make out?
 I told you, you can't regulate every aspect of our lives.
 I'm sorry for bringing this over here.
 Sheldon, I understand that you like things a certain way and I'm willing to make some concessions, but you have to be open to compromise.
 Okay. Well, for starters, there's nothing wrong with keeping our toothbrushes in the same holder.
 What?
 We sleep together once a year. You want other partners?
 You wanna see other people? Go see other people.
 Why is nothing easy with him?
 I prefer to think of it as high-maintenance.
 I guess I should have known what I was getting myself into.
 That's true.
 You're not making me feel better.
 He put a sign up in the bathroom that says, number of days without Amy's hair on the soap.
 Maybe I should just give in to his stupid bathroom schedule.
 But you did.
 It's just so much easier to give him what he wants.
 Me.
 Me. It was mittens.
 That was actually Koothrappali, but I did let him spit it out in my hand.
 You know, you're right. I'm in this relationship, too. I need to stand up for myself.
 And if he doesn't like it, he can move back here.
 It's a nice enough spot. You know, if I'm going to start standing up for myself, this is exactly the kind of thing…
 Oh, hi. Hi.
 Oh. Really?
 I would love to.
 You know, with us living together, maybe we could think about having people over.
 You know what I meant.
 I'm sorry I mentioned it.
 What's going on here?
 Well, that's so nice. Who's coming?
 You mean the Romanian lady on the second floor?
 That's an odd mix of people.
 You never went into that haunted house.
 Well, thank you, Sheldon. This is a fun surprise.
 Well, that's not a surprise at all. I mean, if I knew you were good at surprises, I would have expected the surprise, and therefore not have been surprised, but as it is, I didn't know, and therefore my surprise should be unsurprising.
 There's nothing to be afraid of, Sheldon.
 Been 15 minutes. Just sayin'.
 How old was it
 Hi, Stuart.
 Oh, they're pretty. Thank you.
 Things didn't work out?
 Uh, no. He, he just means that you were the first people we thought of.
 Stuart, you know you're one of our favourite people.
 No, Stuart, don't.
 We're so sorry.
 Cheers.
 Maybe I can get a little help putting some of this stuff away.
 And I'm Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler.
 As you may notice, just one of the changes around here is our new house band.
 We're also coming to you live from a different apartment.
 So, in the spirit of cohabitation, the theme of today's episode is flags of two regions coming together as one. Such as the flag of St. Kitts and Nevis.
 Did you know that the flag was designed by a student named Edrice Lewis…
 It's almost dinner time. You in the mood for anything?
 Oh, you don't want do that, it's a construction zone.
 Well, what about your fear of stray nails and butt cracks?
 Anyway, how about dinner?
 Thanks, but you don't have to.
 Good stuff. So, uh, what about dinner?
 No. And on the subject of subjects, is your use of the word subject the same or different as when we speak about the subject of a king?
 Um, it was a drywall problem.
 Well, the drywall got wet, and you do not want wet drywall because when drywall gets wet, it's really more…
 Or damp wall, just as bad.
 Well, they went to get some, but the woman at the wall store said it was going on sale and they should wait because the savings…
 I was done at wet wall, but you wouldn't let it go.
 Well, he started to question it, but then I fake sneezed on him and he ran to take a shower. Please don't say anything, I feel terrible about this.
 Thanks.
 Let it go.
 Food's here.
 Oh, uh, they're still working on it.
 Why are you speaking Klingon?
 This is ridiculous. Penny, do you remember when I taught you Ubbi Dubbi?
 Ubexcubellent. Duboes Shubeldubon knubow ubi'm lubyubing?
 You stop that.
 Penny was just covering for me. My place has been ready for two weeks.
 Everybody stop it with that.
 And I'd like to know why you blabbed about my apartment.
 I guess it's okay. I'm sorry that I lied about my apartment.
 Are you saying you'd like to live with me?
 Whatever.
 Thank you for understanding.
 Good night.
 I don't know. It, it could be.
 Sure, sure, we, we could live in my apartment.
 Sorry, you brought it up?
 It's kind of exciting. I mean we could do whatever we want.
 Yes.
 Sorry.
 What's going on?
 Can it be more of an internal struggle?
 How about if I just don't breathe at all?
 What is happening?
 Hi.
 What are you doing?
 I understand. I'll leave you be.
 Of course. Jean Buridan proposed a philosophical thesis stating that a hungry donkey placed between two equidistant bales of hay would be paralysed by indecision and would starve to death.
 Well, I wouldn't want you to starve to death, so here's an eggplant.
 You know, some people believe that Buridan was plagiarizing Aristotle.
 Although, in Aristotle's example, he proposed an equally hungry and thirsty man caught between food and drink.
 Are you suggesting Al-Ghazali was Aristotelian? ‘Cause if anything, he was anti-Aristotelian.
 It's just a tiny skin sample. You saw me do it to myself.
 A two.
 Sheldon, if I'm gonna synthesize a neural network from our skin cells, I need to harvest them. Now, I've done this dozens of times, but if you're too scared you don't have to.
 Thank you.
 Just think how happy you'll be in a few weeks when I've converted our skin cells into functional brain cells.
 Okay. Three, two, and we're done.
 It didn't hurt, did it?
 Okay, fine, one.
 If you'd give me a minute, I'll tell you.
 Those are your eyelashes, move. Well, Sheldon, I see astrocytes. Our combined skin cells are now a primitive neural network.
 These cells come from both of us.
 No reason we can't start right now.
 Sheldon, this is a rudimentary collection of neurons. I mean, it's remarkable, but it's still limited in what it can do.
 You know, most people don't realize this technique has actually been around for a few years.
 Well, I turned this one into a functioning boyfriend, so sky's the limit.
 So, enough about us, how are things going with you?
 Good, you know, in case the exit isn't clearly marked.
 Sheldon, that's enough.
 I've never seen results like this before.
 Aren't you glad you participated in this?
 Set up a second culture and try to replicate our results.
 Make a baby? What are you talking about?
 Sheldon, I'm not ready to have a baby.
 Wow. I, I can actually feel the egg crawling its way back up.
 Not right now.
 I'm not playing anything. We're not making a baby today.
 No. He was explicit. Needlessly and freakishly explicit.
 Well, there is a genetic component, but that doesn't guarantee anything.
 Hey, you're talking about the person I love and have been avoiding for the past three hours. Oh, man.
 Hello.
 I don't think so.
 Sheldon, please stop trying to seduce me.
 I thought it smelled like a petting zoo in here.
 Okay, I've had enough.
 It was like being hit on by Rat Pack Pee-wee Herman.
 No.
 For God's sake, you're ridiculous.
 That was a close one.
 Bert is studying the way microbes in rocks can survive in extreme environmental conditions.
 You know, Sheldon, maybe if you take the time to actually read Bert's research, you'd be less bitter about him winning.
 Honestly, I just want you to be quiet but I'm all out of taffy.
 Sounds like the night we had coitus.
 Sheldon, it's foolish to be angry that Bert's work has merit.
 What happened?
 You know, it's one thing to be envious, but now you're injuring yourself. It has to stop.
 You know, Sheldon, instead of fixating on what Bert has, you should appreciate all of the good things in your life. You've got love, you're in good health, you've got a roof over your head.
 Anybody else want to try? I'm gonna go make some more tea and question my life choices.
 Really?
 What's up?
 Yep.
 I can't believe you head-butted a water fountain.
 What about me and Sheldon?
 Ever since I met Penny, I've been envious of her looks.
 That's why I was so happy when you cut your hair off.
 You know what I mean. You were still hot, but more like a why'd that hot girl cut off all her hair, hot.
 How can you feel bad if Stephen Hawking says you're brilliant?
 Way ahead of you.
 If we're going to be staying in this apartment, would you be interested in doing a little redecorating?
 Great, what'd you have in mind?
 Well, how about we start a little smaller? Like moving the furniture around.
 Look, we can't just throw away Penny's stuff, but we can ask if she wants any of it back.
 Well, I'm sure she misses this one. I mean, it's the greatest gift I've ever given anybody.
 It may have appreciated in value. The artist killed himself shortly after painting that.
 I can't wait to see the look on her face when I give it to her again.
 Well, it would be selfish of me to keep it.
 And you.
 To give to you.
 So do you.
 Thank you?
 Sheldon, you're, you're being a little selfish. Why don't you let Leonard keep a few things?
 I don't think you do, but all right.
 I've got the Neosporin. Who got hurt?
 I think he might be right. Also, who is that?
 So, no one's gonna tell me? Okay.
 What's wrong?
 Sheldon. Okay, you can have this back in the morning.
 I'll put in on the list with peaches and felt. What is this?
 I love it. Thank you.
 Sheldon.
 Is that okay?
 You hate Scotch tape, but you love Scotch plaid. You are a mystery.
 I guess, I guess we should stop.
 Just don't smoke.
 Well, first deliveries can be slow.
 Well, should we, uh, head back up?
 Oh, uh, I don't know. Sheldon, you don't want to do that, do you?
 Uh.
 Well.
 So, where were we?
 I'm sorry.
 Well, shall we start over?
 What's wrong?
 Okay, that makes sense. I mean, the mood's a little different now. We, we don't have to rush.
 And the mood continues to change.
 Hold on. I think I might have a little surprise that might help get things back on track.
 No.
 It's not about trains.
 Stop talking about trains.
 One second. All right, you can open your eyes. I thought I'd let Harry Potter make things hotter.
 I got a Gryffindor robe for you.
 I did. Am I in trouble?
 Wait, what just happened?
 Sheldon, do you really want to argue with me on my birthday?
 Ooh. Happy birthday to me.
 Is this about the baby?
 Good. Then you're used to this.
 You have got to be kidding me.
Yeah, but I thought this baby was supposed to ruin their sex life, not mine.
 I understand, but this is a special day for them. Can you just try and let it go?
 Yeah. Penny, you're the one who introduced him to Bernie.
 Sheldon and I are living together.
 Bernadette got her doctorate.
 We've all come a long way. There's a lot to be proud of.
 How's Bernadette?
 That's not a real thing, he's just joking.
 Kind of hard to see the names.
 They all look the same to me.
 Well, that was quite a day.
 I was afraid you'd be too tired.
 Hi.
 It was not a great trip.
 I rented one of those carts, pushed him toward the open door and just let inertia take care of the rest.
 So, while we're at your mother's house, it might be a good time to tell her that we're living together.
 Maybe there won't be one.
 Well, she likes me. You know, there's a chance she might be okay with it.
 Thank you for cooking, it looks delicious.
 Well, uh, Howard and Bernadette had their baby.
 They haven't said. Anyway, we, uh, we also have some exciting news to share.
 Sheldon, don't overreact.
 Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
 I'll take over from here.
 He's been in there a long time. Should I go talk to him?
 Are you going to?
 Sheldon, what, what are you doing?
 We're ignoring the fins, okay.
 I don't think that's what she's saying.
 That's exactly what she was saying.
 Well, after that, Sheldon and I got out of the house for a while.
 You know, I'm sorry your mother made you feel bad. But, you know, at the end of the day, she was wrong, because you're not alone.
 What about the woman who just buttered your big flat feet?
 Well, let's try to not let it ruin the rest of our trip.
 She was gonna find out eventually.
 Sheldon, I knew your mother was fine with us living together because I already told her we were.
 This was a potential issue, so I got out ahead of it and I managed the situation for you.
 That's right.
 Not your whole life. I mean, science, you got that. Organizing your sock drawer, you're the king. But understanding how other people are feeling, that's a weak spot for you.
 Have you? How am I feeling right now?
 You and I are in a relationship. I help you with your shortcomings, and you help me with mine.
 Delighted that you showed any interest in my family at all?
 Do you need help?
 Like the pirate who helps the other pirates connect to the Internet.
 Really? You're never gonna touch their baby?
 Sheldon.
 That was fun, thank you.
 Penny, is it weird that we're having girls' night here, but you don't live here any more, so it's basically my girls' night?
 But now you're thinking about it and it bothers you? I get that.
 Better than ever. He asks about my day, takes an interest in my life. He's like my boyfriend in college, except he's real, so people can see him.
 Well Sheldon always has his pants on. I don't think I could pick his knees out of a line-up.
 Uh, Penny, I don't know how to say this, but this is my first girls' night and you're kind of bumming everybody out.
 I'll call you when we get to the hotel.
 I will bring them home so you can show me how Godzilla takes a shower.
 Uh-huh. Bye, Sheldon.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 I'll miss you.
 I'll miss you more.
 If you miss me x plus one, I'll miss you open paren x plus one, close paren to the second…
 Sheldon walked on my back two weeks ago, but that was just because there was a spider on his pillow and he was trying to get away.
 I don't know the protocol, are you gonna be naked for your massage?
 Hmm. Then this is probably too many clothes.
 Nice to see you, too.
 Sheldon, why don't we give them some privacy?
 Uh-huh.
 It's there on purpose. It's refreshing.
 It's in our agreement. I have to laugh.
 I remember signing our first relationship agreement.
 Right, right. Got it.
 Sheldon, what did you do?
 I'm sure it's extremely frustrating.
 And also a little sad.
 What do you think?
 It's amazing a machine can do that.
 All right. Now, I'm gonna look at some pictures to prompt an emotional response, and we'll see if the machine can identify them accurately.
 Okay, I'm looking at the first picture.
 Yes. I'm looking at puppi
 Okay. What does it say I'm feeling?
 Yes. I'm looking at a picture of my grandma.
 Yes.
 What's that? Are you working on your resume?
 Stop enjoying their fight.
 Come on, Sheldon, let's go.
 I think it loses its impact if we're chatting about it.
 Sheldon, dinner's ready. I made beef loaf, because I know you're uncomfortable with the non-specificity of meat loaf. Sheldon? Hey, are you okay?
 What's going on?
 I'm sorry Leonard and Penny hurt your feelings.
 Well, everybody has things that they need help with. Like me, I can't see without my glasses. And right now you're just a, a cute, pink smudge wearing a childish green smudge.
 Yes, you are. There have definitely been days when I was sad and you could tell.
 No, see, right there, you knew you hurt my feelings. And I'm proud of you, for reasons I'm sure have something to do with my father. And if you don't like that machine, get rid of it. Because I love you exactly the way you are.
 It's true. Pregnancy causes physiological changes in the brain that result in increased empathy.
 Well, he mentioned it in his mother's eulogy, so why not?
 Is there anything we can do?
 Oh. All this week, the Early Music Society of Pasadena is doing a joint concert with the San Gabriel Renaissance Choir.
 Good luck. People have been saying that for 600 years.
 Hey, you're home early.
 Wow. He finally used it. What'd you do?
 Well, I'm really happy for you.
 I give up.
 No. I really give up.
 Can I pee now?
 Well, the bra under here ain't beige.
 Hey, did you hear anything back from the Caltech preschool?
 Nothing says fun like being scolded.
 Renaissance Choir's looking pretty good right now, huh?
 Hey, there's another dance club nearby. I mean, I don't know how you feel about Latin music, but according to their horas of operación, they're open.
 You sure? They're open till dos.
 I'm not sad. I mean, hello.
 What are you sad about?
 What feelings?
 Come on. You've got so much to feel good about. You've got a great job now.
 You make more than I do.
 It's bigger than mine.
 I'm not even engaged once. I don't even know if Sheldon thinks about marriage. I'm not getting any younger. Honestly, I kind of thought by now, we might have had some sort of…
 I'm sorry. I can't help it.
 It is warm in here.
 Me, too.
 Sorry.
 I can get us there in two.
 Hey, Sheldon, I found a great restaurant for date night.
 Oh, an Euler's Disk, fun.
 Oh. Immature.
 The food here's supposed to be great. Don't fill up on chips.
 Oh, look. It's Bert, at the bar. We should go say hi.
 Because that's what you do when you see someone you know in a public place.
 Sheldon, there's a difference between greeting a friend and following a celebrity into a bathroom.
 Hi, Bert.
 Oh, we're having date night.
 Oh, really. Anybody we know?
 That's a real thing?
 Sorry, I don't have a list of defunct search engines that I miss.
 Oh, no. Are you sure you don't want to give her a few more minutes?
 I'm so sorry.
 Fine with me.
 Sheldon, that was so sweet of you.
 So the part where he got stood up didn't clue you in?
 Okay, literally any other topic.
 Our-our first date was at a coffee shop.
 You-you know about that?
 Were you aware of this?
 Because I'm mad at you.
 Sheldon, it's humiliating. Thanks to you, my colleagues are gossiping about our sex life.
 That's why they're doing it.
 I'm going to bed.
 So?
 I'm not sleeping on the couch because you don't know what's private and what's not.
 That's different. She's a close friend, not the lady in the cafeteria who cuts the crust off your sandwiches.
 Yeah?
 What is this?
 Are you really worried about revealing secrets to Stephen Hawking?
 Well, I do appreciate you working on this.
 What's that little dot in the middle?
 Interesting. You really have secrets you don't tell me?
 Can I hear one?
 Why? Are they naughty?
 Please?
 What? Why didn't you say anything?
 So when I got up at 4am. to drive you across the desert to an antique train museum, I didn't have to?
 You're actually going to Comic-Con?
 Well, that's sweet. I bet you'll have fun.
 No, thanks. I already live in a place all the nerds come to.
 My aunt's funeral?
 Well, I'm not going, but I do think it's nice you want to.
 Look at you, going to Comic-Con, talking about Ewoks. I really have become the cool one around here.
 Comic-Con's five days.
 Why don't you just tell him you don't want to go?
 He is an indoor cat.
 Penny says they're ready to go.
 Sheldon, women can wear make up, it's not lying.
 Wait, wait, wait, what's Leonard lying about?
 Really? Because she doesn't actually want to go. She's just doing it to make him happy.
 No, you're not gonna tell them anything. You're gonna stay out of it.
 Because it's between them.
 Hi.
 Shh.
 Sure, happy to.
 Because you don't want her to go to Comic-Con.
 Oh, my God, stop talking.
 The place looks great. Did you guys get a maid?
 So you're not going to Comic-Con?
 Sounds like everyone's staying home. What do you say?
 By yourself?
 I'm not going with you to Comic-Con.
 He can, but it's still not changing my mind.
 No, Sheldon. We are not getting a life-size Spider-Man statue.
 For the last time, no Hulk, no Batman, no life-size statues.
 Hi.
 Well, Sheldon's getting a little better with dogs. He even took a picture with Pluto at Disneyland.
 Don't listen to them. What's weird is that Penny almost got a science fact right.
 But you are, aren't you?
 Talk to me. Tell me what's going on.
 There are a lot of memories wrapped up in that room. For me, too. The first time you told me you loved me was in that room.
 And there is the love of which I speak.
 Well, this isn't an easy time for him. He's losing his apartment, he's in debt, he's probably humiliated.
 You ready to go?
 What's that?
 Well, a bunch of fake snakes better not spring out of it, because that was a lousy anniversary present.
 No. I already asked.
 Sheldon.
 Sheldon.
 Come on, Sheldon. Maybe we should just eat at our place.
 Just keep walking.
 And don't start thinking about it now.
 That's not true.
 This isn't about me and Sheldon. This is about Rajesh moving in with Leonard and Penny.
 You okay?
 What's wrong?
 Is that bothering you?
 I mean, how it relates to our relationship, not the bromance between you and your brain.
 I don't know. I just think you're the kind of person who likes a contingency plan.
 You need to stop hanging out with your brain so much. It's not a good influence.
 I want to say aw, but I'm gonna say ew.
 Yup, we're killin' it.
 That's great. How so?
 Why don't you ask me what I'm working on?
 I'm doing some experiments to show that the signal to move a muscle occurs before you know you even decided to move it.
 Yes, I'm trying to figure out to the nanometer and the attosecond, precisely where and when an event of awareness takes place.
 You know, when I was six, I wanted to marry the gorilla from Good Night, Gorilla. Maybe I was onto something.
 You know, I like harp lessons, but I'm thinking of switching to elevator repair lessons. What are you working on?
 Wait, are you saying if we combine my experiment with your calculations, we can determine the precise moment in time when the wave function collapses?
 Sheldon, this is really interesting.
 You know, we've never collaborated professionally before. Are you worried it might affect our relationship?
 Well, that would make me feel better.
 That's a ridiculous rule.
 Oh, good. What are they?
 Can I see that?
 Sheldon, if we're gonna have ground rules, I'll tell you the first ground rule. I make the ground rules.
 Terrific. Do you want to hear our new set of ground rules?
 Number one, we're on the same team, we're not in competition.
 Number two, disagreements can happen politely. There's no need to call an idea stupid.
 Are you listening?
 Number three, to avoid getting frustrated, we take built-in breaks and reward our successes with a small treat.
 Whatever you want. So, shall we get to work?
 Wow. Look at that.
 So we're agreed, it's complete garbage.
 I don't know where we went wrong.
 Well, don't give up. Maybe we can fix it.
 I can hear your face talking, so we're even.
 Fine. Fine. You want me to blow my nose? Here, I'll blow it. Better?
 You know, you're exhausting. I knew working together was a bad idea.
 That would mean that this delayed parameter should be increased 250 milliseconds.
 I had a feeling you were using the wrong computational model, but I didn't say anything because you're so sensitive.
 Hey, I wonder what kind of success we'd have if we defined measurement as the first moment that an action potential is seen by the visual cortex.
 We're finally making progress. I wish we could do it without fighting.
 I suppose it's conceivable that the hormones associated with our fight-or-flight response could be sharpening our cognitive processes.
 How dare you speak that way about my Grammy and hey, wait a second. Wait. Delta T could equal alpha sub-zero.
 There's only one clear choice.
 No, you bonehead.
 Revised ground rule number one, we are on the same team, but it is a competition.
 Revised ground rule number two, there are definitely stupid questions, and those who ask them can be told so right to their stupid face.
 Thanks, babe. Number three, fair topics for insult include educational pedigree, scientific field, intellectual prowess, and mamas.
 Did you say you guys are working on the guidance system tomorrow?
 Well, Sheldon said that he was gonna work with me on our quantum perception project.
 Well, he reconfirmed with me this morning.
 Why did you tell Leonard you're working on the gyroscope tomorrow?
 But you said you were working with me.
 Sheldon, this is silly. You can't expect us to do quality work with you popping in and out like this.
 Incredible. Sheldon, I didn't expect that you could work on both projects, but I, I was wrong.
 Sheldon, you're sick, go back to bed.
 It's okay, now I don't need butter.
 You need sleep.
 Well, I don't want your germs around me.
 Sheldon, are you okay?
 It's okay, I'm sure we'll find it.
 Maybe it's wherever your pants are.
 I can't find it, either. How can he not remember a day?
 You really can't remember anything?
 Phones can do that?
 You're welcome. How is it?
 Do you need anything else?
 Fine. Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur. Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr.
 Weiches Katzchen, warmes Katzchen, das nie und nimmer murrt. Liebes Katzchen, mudes Katzchen, schnurrt, schnurrt, schnurrt.
 And I'm Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler.
 Fun with Flags:  Behind the Flags:  A Retrospective.
 Now, I'm sure many of you are wondering how Fun with Flags began.
 Could have played that on my harp.
 Almost 200. Many of them on purpose.
 And don't get discouraged if the phone lines are jammed. Just keep trying. Oh, thank God, welcome to Fun with Flags.
 And what does that have to do with flags?
 Ooh, ooh. All right. We have our next caller.
 I thought you were taking a break from women to focus on your career.
 It wasn't a time-out. Let's get some food.
 Get your food.
 Go.
 And don't you slam that door.
 I was wrong. You can come back in.
 I'm sorry, Bert, but aren't you worried she's only with you for your money?
 What are you looking at?
 Oh. You know, good for you.
 You know, you need to start raising your hand before you speak. Yes, starting now.
 Relax. We're the same blood type. He knew he could harvest an organ.
 And I'm Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler.
 So welcome to tonight's episode,
 Fun with Flags:  Behind the Behind the Flags: A Retrospective Retrospective.
 Oh. Hello, you're on Fun with Flags.
 I'm pretty sure that's a myth, let me check.
 To denial.
 Hey.
 What smells so good?
 Is this part of your super-aging?
 Well, clearly mental tasks are not enough. Maybe you need to challenge your motor skills.
 How did you get from croissants to a unicycle?
 Where did you get it?
 Have you tried letting go of the rope?
 All right, well, have fun.
 Well, what do you want me to do?
 What are you doing?
 Oh. Well, Bernadette made me promise if you didn't want it, we'd give it to a homeless clown. What happened to learning the unicycle?
 You said juggling was dumb, too.
 Sheldon, is it possible that when things get really difficult, you just give up?
 Well, if you honestly…
 His mother warned me. Everybody warned me. Actually, he warned me.
 I made you tea.
 I'm sorry I called you a quitter.
 What are you reading?
 So?
 That's ridiculous, you're a brilliant man. The best years of your life are still ahead of you.
 Well, if you're really worried about your career, maybe you should consider spending a little less time with video games and comic books.
 Okay, fine, let's say you never win a Nobel Prize. Let's say you spend your life doing solid scientific research surrounded by friends and loved ones who appreciate you, not for what you've accomplished but for who you are as a man. Wouldn't that be a life well-lived?
 So many warnings.
 You know, it's nice of you to acknowledge us, but this is your accomplishment.
 Where are you moving?
 Well, good for you. I actually have a little news myself.
 I was, uh, asked to be a visiting researcher at Princeton.
 Thanks, but the thing is I'll be gone for a few months and I don't know how Sheldon's gonna feel about that.
 You really believe that?
 Sheldon, I'm so sorry.
 Yeah, um, Raj is moving out.
 No, I'm waiting till he's in a good mood.
 I don't know, maybe I shouldn't go.
 I guess. And he'll have you and Leonard right across the hall the whole time.
 Got to go. Morning.
 Are you feeling okay?
 Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
 Oh, the more details, the more sorry. Well, maybe this'll cheer you up. I made your favorite oatmeal, plain.
 No occasion, I just wanted to do something nice for you.
 Oh. That's sweet, but you, you did just fine on your own.
 Sheldon, you're, you're being silly.
 You know, what you need to do is put this Air Force project behind you and just dive into something new.
 Oh, I don't know, I mean, let's say we succeed in proving that our consciousness creates reality. I mean, what will we have really accomplished? You know, a loaf of bread's still three bucks.
 That is true, I have said that.
 I was offered a summer research fellowship at Princeton.
 Yeah, that's the one.
 Well, I haven't accepted it yet. I wanted to talk to you first.
 So are you.
 Are, are you sure?
 I don't think plain oatmeal was the point of that story.
 Guys.
 I don't know. Sheldon's so vulnerable right now.
 Of course. I get to be part of the first team to use radon markers to map the structures that…
 I know, but what if Sheldon…
 Hey, you don't know what goes on behind closed doors.
 All right, so you know.
 Hey. You going somewhere?
 Sheldon, that isn't necessary.
 Thank you.
 Does this mean you're okay with me going?
 I am.
 I wasn't thinking that.
 That's a risk I'm willing to take.
 What if we don't fold our clothes at all?
 My goodness, that form of stimulation is highly efficient.
 Okay, the car is waiting. Do you want to walk me downstairs?
 Is it?
 Do you think it's possible you might enjoy being on your own for a little while?
 I'll love you no matter what.
 We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
 I will.
 Uh-huh.
 I don't know what they look like, but sure.
 I won't.
 Got it.
 Good thinking.
 Thank you. That means a lot.
 Pretty well. Princeton has a beautiful campus.
 Actually, I want to hear about you. How are things at home?
 I miss you.
 It's so strange, earlier today I ended a sentence with a preposition and you weren't there to correct my grammar.
 In fact, that's when I started to really miss you.
 Did I? Are you gonna teach me a lesson?
 What are you gonna do about it?
 Vigorously?
 Sounds like a big night.
 So you're keeping busy? You're not lonely?
 Who's he?
 Oh. Really? Uh, when did you meet her?
 Huge fan, you say?
 That's terrific. I'll call you right back.
 I gave you one job. Keep an eye on him. How hard is that?
 Why didn't you tell me?
 Should I worry?
 That's what you said to me when I started dating him. And then five years later, bingo bango, something happened.
 You don't get it. I've been smacking that ketchup bottle for a long time. All she's got to do is tip it over and point it at her fries.
 I don't know. Might be the New Jersey talking, but this Nowitzki broad needs to disappear.
 Yeah, but one of those scientists is a tall, blonde Olympic swimmer.
 Nice try.
 Hello, Sheldon.
 I was missing you again.
 She's what?
 Hi.
 Uh-huh. Hang on. Hello. A little late, Leonard. Sorry.
 It's not important.

