 Not really. Can you come over?
 Hold on. You're getting married and you didn't invite me?
 Wow. Hope I can catch the bouquet from here.
 Oh. What are you doing here?
 Well, it's only been 11 hours.
 Sheldon, when I'm ready to talk, I'll let you know.
 Sure.
 We're not back together.
 If you must know, I'm going to Howard and Bernadette's to watch the wedding.
 There's no guy.
 I'm not gonna be alone. I'll be with my friends.
 Maybe because the two of us being there would make them feel awkward.
 Thank you for doing this.
 We were together for so long, I honestly don't know what I'm feeling.
 Oh. What was her name?
 Sheldon, you being here might not be making things better.
 They didn't invite everybody but you.Bernadette invited me, and Stuart lives here.
 I said I needed time to think.
 It's because you're not giving me any space to think.
 You know what, Sheldon, you've made this really easy. You're immature, you're selfish, you just insulted me to my face. I don't need any more time to think. We're broken up.
 Yeah.
 Thank you.
 I just hope I did the right thing.
 Like you're doing right now?
 Sheldon, I don't think you understand how being broken up works. The only way I can sort through my feelings is if there is space between us. Every time I see you, it re-traumatizes me. I go through the pain all over again.
 What do you want?
 What baby?
 I'm hanging up.
 Sheldon, I am not doing Fun With Flags with you.
 Because we're broken up.
 No one's talking about Sonny and Cher.
 Sheldon, this has to stop. I know it's hard. It's hard for me, too. But I've seen and talked to you more in the two days we've been broken up than in the last two months that we were together.
 What are you doing here?
 And you didn't do your compulsive knocking ritual so I would open the door.
 Just give me the box.
 Fine. My old scarf.
 You mean the night that I went ice-skating, and you stood at the rail googling the symptoms of hypothermia?
 Whose bra is this?
 It's Penny's.
 Good-bye.
 Anybody can make a mistake in a weak moment.
 Come on, you know Leonard's not like that.
 That's because you made him more confident.
 I'm gonna kill him.
 How dare you go on the Internet and say mean things about me and compare my genitalia to part of Czechoslovakia?
 I don't know what you were thinking, but take the video down now.
 I only watched it because you e-mailed it to me with the subject line this is gonna make you mad.
 Hi.
 I know we're not making a fuss, but in the spirit of bachelorette parties, I made cookies in the shape of male genitals.
 Thank you. The veins are gummy worms.
 I had extra dough.
 Boy, that was a long night for me.
 So, Penny, how's married life?
 Fine, I guess. I've been focusing on me. I was thinking about changing my wardrobe.
 But then I decided I don't want to go changing who I am just because of some man.
 Actually, I was thinking of making one small change.
 Piercing my ears.
 My mom said pierced ears were for whores, pirates and genies.
 I know, but Sheldon had this clause in the Relationship Agreement forbidding cosmetic surgery unless it's to look like a Klingon.
 Really? You have a piercing gun?
 Oh, I don't know.
 You're right. I should probably let all of my Facebook friends know. Penny, I'm no longer in a relationship.
 Who?
 Why?
 How long do you think you can keep it from him?
 That wasn't so bad. Nice. Boy, if my mom could see me now, she'd lock me in the sin closet.
 Actually, the joke was on her. I could still see the TV through the slats.
 Well, it's kind of sad that they don't know. I mean, they love Leonard.
 Uh, well, actually, to be honest, I haven't told her yet.
 I'm feeling a little dizzy from all the blood loss. I don't know what you're talking about.
 Easy for you to say. You never had to watch 60 Minutes like this.
 Oh, maybe later. Your pig dying made me sad. And a little hungry.
 Okay. Okay. Fine. Hi, Mom.
 You saw that, huh? Hi, Mom. How are you doing? Oh, good. How's work? That's nice. I'm fine. Hey, listen, I've been meaning to ask, how come Aunt Doe and Aunt Florence never got along?
 I'm not gonna be your roommate, Sheldon.
 I'm sure you'll find somebody else.
 I don't know how to help you. You know, feelings are a part of life.
 I don't think that was the point of the movie.
 There you go.
 I can't believe he ran my credit.
 You really should've gone on the Internet and checked how long that kind of thing lives before you got one.
 Hey, I know Sheldon's quirky, but he's also brilliant and insightful. I think calling him a weirdo is a little unfair.
 Well, for starters, you might want to rethink some of this artwork. I mean, this woman's actually on a leash like a dog.
 Have you thought about advertising directly to females?
 You can say it.
 Do you not hear how creepy that sounds?
 Stuart, believe it or not, I understand. You know, before I met Sheldon, I was alone for a really long time. I was so desperate for people to like me, when I met these guys, it took everything in my power to hide my insecurity.
 Suddenly, the rabbit thing makes sense.
 I don't have much experience turning men down. It wasn't so much fun.
 Huh. Well, this is weird.
 Barry Kripke just asked me out.
 Hi, how are you? I was wondering if you'd like to get a drink after work sometime.
 I don't know. I guess I assumed that I would eventually date other people, but this is happening so fast.
 Well, I was hoping the next person I dated would be a little less like Sheldon.
 I don't know.
 Oh, I don't have to imagine it.
 Hello.
 Uh, Bernadette, you're my ride.
 How have you been?
 How'd that go?
 Well, actually, he, he already did.
 I said no.
 I didn't know you were interested in dating.
 Oh. Okay. Anyway, um, it's nice to see you. You look good.
 I'm not sure how I feel about this.
 Uh, excuse me, can I have my phone back?
 Okay, I'm starting to feel guilty. Aren't we being a little mean?
 Oh, um, give me that.
 No, no, stop reading that.
 No, it, it's not like that.
 Okay, it's like that.
 Because it's new and weird and I'm just trying to figure it all out. And I knew if I told you guys I had been out with a few people that you'd get way too excited about it.
 It's going fine. It's mostly just been meeting people for coffee.
 Well, I don't have much experience dating, so I decided it would be good for me to, you know, get out there a little.
 Thank you.
 Three.
 Okay. But I'm really stepping outside of my comfort zone here.
 Well, some people think the sexiest organ is the brain.
 Do you have any heels higher than this? He's pretty tall.
 Well, I told you his name and that he's tall. What more do you need?
 Just a little peck on the lips.
 Fine. Um, he's British. All right, that is a juicy one.
 To that new Italian place on Walnut.
 I'm gonna go look for other shoes.
 Well, I'm having a good time, too. If you don't mind me asking, why did you and your wife split up?
 Oh, I'm, I'm so sorry.
 No. I mean, to be completely honest, I've, I've only been in one long-term relationship.
 That's a good question. After five years, it was just feeling like more work than it should be.
 No. He's a theoretical physicist at Caltech.
 Um, used to be string theory, now it's dark matter. But let's not discuss Sheldon. Let's get back to you.
 I'm trying not to. Do you know him?
 Sure, why not?
 Um about an hour and half.
 Yes. Yep. We were on a date. Very much like this one.
 What was the rest of your question?
 Really? You-you want me to introduce you to my ex-boyfriend?
 I have a DVD of that lecture.
 Not as a Valentine's present, no.
 That's, um, terrific. Listen, I'm, I'm kind of tired. Can we call it a night?
 No, you're not.
 Thank you.
 What are you guys doing here?
 No. Pinch me.
 No problem. I'm really sorry about your car.
 Um, listen, you're a really nice guy, but I just, I don't think this is working out.
 I'm, I'm really sorry.
 There you go.
 Sure. Heh.
 Okay, get out.
 Hi, Sheldon. What's up?
 No one can go with you?
 Oh. Okay. Thank you.
 Sheldon, I can tell you want to go, so if you'd be comfortable with it, maybe we could go as friends.
 Well it is Thanksgiving in an aquarium cafeteria, so I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say yes. But if you mean between us, I think it'll be fine.
 See you then.
 Did you know they served shellfish and eel at the very first Thanksgiving?
 Hi. Ready for the aquarium?
 If that makes you more comfortable.
 No. You?
 I might go visit my aunt next week.
 No, the one in Bakersfield.
 Are we done discussing the weather?
 Sheldon. We've known each other a long time. We are perfectly capable of having a conversation without relying on a list off the Internet.
 I don't know. Just ask me whatever comes to mind.
 Man, I walked right into that one.
 No. It's okay. If we're friends, we should be able to talk about anything.
 So, you had some questions about me seeing other people.
 Go ahead.
 Let's see. I have been on six dates with three different people. It was either for coffee or dinner. One I met at a bookstore and two I met online. I haven't slept with anyone. The aquarium is 40 minutes away. And there's a baggie of Cheerios for you in the glove compartment.
 I mixed them.
 Just one. Are you doing okay?
 Good. I want you to be happy.
 You're just upset because they ran out of Pilgrim hats.
 Well, it wouldn't be a holiday without you being mad at a baby.
 Sure. What is it?
 So it's like Kiss, Marry, Kill.
 It's a game where you're given three people and you choose which one you'd kiss, marry, or kill.
 Let's just play.
 Hmm. Well, I wouldn't fight the eel, because I know it can generate enough current to kill a horse. So I'd eat the eel, fight the shrimp, and befriend the pufferfish, because it would be nice to have company on those days I feel bloated.
 Thank you. Okay, your turn. Hmm. Seal, hagfish, SpongeBob SquarePants.
 But you can pal around with a hagfish?
 Isn't that gross? I mean, a hagfish can produce enough mucus to fill a bucket in a minute.
 I miss this.
 I guess sometimes I'm silly.
 Hi, Sheldon. I'm just driving home from my mother's.
 I did. Um, listen, I really enjoyed spending this morning with you.
 It was. Uh, listen, I, I was thinking that, um, maybe I'm ready to be your girlfriend again.
 We are. But I was hoping, maybe…
 Okay. I understand.
 Okay. Sure.
 Hi, Dave. Uh, it's Amy.
 I'm fine. How are you?
 Yeah, well, we both made mistakes, you know. I took the last breadstick, you gushed over my ex-boyfriend like he was Leonard Nimoy and you were my ex-boyfriend.
 Well, I was wondering if you'd like to get dinner again sometime.
 Great.
 How 'bout Saturday?
 Why not? He's actually a very nice guy.
 That's nothing Sheldon hasn't done before. Dave's just a big fan of his work. Besides, he said he wouldn't bring it up again.
 Oh, he's coming here. I'm actually making dinner.
 It is?
 You know what? Good. I tried to get back together with Sheldon, he shot me down. Dave likes me. Maybe intimate is what I need.
 Why not?
 Thank you.
 When you were married, did your wife cook?
 So, a little silver lining.
 Uh, about five years. I'm actually thinking of moving to a better place now that I don't need to be so close to, well, you know.
 Yeah. Anyway, he doesn't drive, so, I pretty much had to take him everywhere.
 My fault. I brought him up.
 That's an interesting tie clip.
 No, I, I think it's neat. Oh.
 No, it, it's okay, and we are on a date. I'm, I'm just a little nervous.
 You know, I'm just being silly. I, I don't know what I'm waiting for.
 That's Sheldon.
 Sheldon, this, this isn't a good time.
 What?
 No, it, it, it's okay. Keep going?
 I really want that, too.
 I love you, too.
 Get back here.
 Sheldon, what's wrong?
 Okay.
 Obi-what?
 Okay. Good night. Wait. Um, Sheldon, were you actually not gonna spend my birthday with me?
 Thanks for taking me out.
 I heard that new Mexican place on Green Street is good.
 Why would I get a bikini wax for my birthday?
 I think I'll just stick to Mexican.
 Okay, what is going on?
 What surprises?
 You shut your damn mouth. You actually heard him say this?
 I, I can't believe it. I, I don't know what to say.
 I do know what to say. Let's get me waxed.
 Come in.
 Hi, Sheldon.
 That's okay. Come on in. Thank you. Um, I'll, I'm gonna go put these in water.
 Do you like it?
 I can change it back.
 So, what'd you have in mind for tonight?
 Um, that sounds nice, but I'm not really hungry right now. I thought maybe we could do presents first.
 You mean before you give it to me?
 Of course.
 Sheldon, I know your present is for us to be intimate tonight.
 Yes.
 Hi.
 So, um, should I get under the covers with you?
 Hi.
 I'm just, um, really nervous.
 Well, I've been waiting for this for so long, I've just built it up in my head. I don't know what to expect.
 Okay.
 Me, too.
 That works for me.
 It's not the best Best Western I've been to, but I'd say it's the third best Best Western I've been to.
 What makes a best Best Buy the best Best Buy?
 Okay, well, I should unpack.
 I will. I wish you were here.
 Okay, I'm glad you're not here?
 Good-bye, Sheldon.
 Hi, Sheldon. What's up?
 Uh, please tell me what to say next.
 Oh. Sheldon, thank you. That's so romantic. But what about Rajesh? He was okay with you choosing the name?
 All of them?
 Okay, I think I know what to say now.
 I miss you.
 Hi, Sheldon.
 Are you feeling any better?
 Why don't you tell me what happened, and in a gentle, loving way, I'll explain to you why you're wrong.
 Ooh. Gentle and loving, this is gonna be tricky.
 Sheldon, when you're sick, you can be unbearable. That's why your friends have been known to work late or sneak out to the movies or stay at a neurobiology conference three days after it's ended.
 No, no, not just that. I mean, Detroit is beautiful when it's sleeting.
 Ooh, I just heard something. Might be hail, might be gunfire. Either way, I'm gonna go take pictures. Bye.
 Hi, Sheldon. What's new?
 I said what's new, but sure.
 Did you refuse to apologize and act like they were stupid for being mad?
 Everyone tried to take care of you, and you were nothing but mean to them.
 Who else's side could you have been on?
 Sheldon, I understand that you're upset because you feel left out, but I don't know why we're even talking about this. Just apologize to them.
 Maybe you could try apologizing because you actually feel bad. It's called empathy. It's something you could work on.
 Great. Now try it as if this isn't your first day as a person.
 Glad I could help.
 I feel so, so bad.
 Hi. Nice to meet you.
 How was your trip?
 That's great. And look at you, sitting in Sheldon's spot. You know, I don't even get to sit there.
 Can I have a tissue?
 Well, this is so nice. He's so excited to have you here and…
 S, s, si, size me up?
 Well, I, I'm, I'm sure you'll like me once you get to know me.
 I'm curious. Why do you call Sheldon Moon Pie?
 Oh, well, you know, now, now that I'm hearing it, it does sound familiar.
 Well, now I know.
 I have a relationship and a full-time career, too.
 Why not? You, you just said it's okay for her to work.
 Look, I, I get that you're protective of your grandson, but he's an adult now. Maybe I understand what he needs better than you do.
 Thank you.
 Well, maybe I don't like you either.
 I think I should leave.
 The minute you left the room, your precious meemaw started giving me a really hard time. I don't need this.
 What ring?
 You have an engagement ring?
 Penny, did you know about this?
 When did you get an engagement ring?
 Sheldon, will you please tell your grandmother to stay out of this?
 Who said I even want to be engaged to him? And if I do, I, I don't need your hand-me-downs.
 Don't speak to him like he's a child.
 Look, I know you think I'm not right for Sheldon, but trust me, I'm his best shot. You have no idea how much I put up with.
 Really? You know what it's like to have date night ruined because Google changed their font?
 Really?
 Well, if you understand, then why are you giving me such a hard time?
 Oh, Sheldon, thank you.
 I think what Sheldon means to say is we've both grown together. Isn't that right?
 So if he wanted to give me that engagement ring, we would have your blessing?
 Okay, and we are live in 22 minutes.
 People who are fans of an Internet show about flags? Trust me, they're around.
 What do you mean?
 Oh. That is so sweet.
 Catchy.
 Okay, we are live in five, four, three, oh, wait, oh shoot, I already pushed the button. Never mind, we're live.
 And Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler present…
 Dr. Sheldon Cooper's Fun With Flags.
 Consider tonight's episode a Valentine's Day gift for you, our viewers.
 Since we're live, you'll finally be able to reach out to us with your flag thoughts and flag questions.
 No, I just blink a lot, it's not Morse code for rescue me. Oh, uh, ok, uh, here's our first call. Hello, and welcome to Fun With Flags. What's your question?
 Rajesh?
 I, I think it starts with good communication.
 Rajesh, it's perfectly normal to have doubts after breaking up with someone.
 Your friend is hurting.
 Oh. Uh, we-we have another caller. Hi. You're on Fun with Flags.
 Look, I know you both feel bad about being alone, but sometimes the best thing you can do is take a little time for yourself, especially when you just got out of a relationship.
 Well, I, I wouldn't say right away.
 Oh, looks like we just lost Kripke.
 Now?
 Now?
 Now? Oh, looks like we just lost Kripke.
 I have an idea. Maybe someone in our audience would be interested in meeting Rajesh. Ladies, I can attest that he is a kind, handsome, intelligent…
 …spoiled astrophysicist who not only… oh. Well, that was quick. Hi. You're on Fun with Flags.
 Hello, Kripke.
 It really can.
 No, hold on, Rajesh. You know, you're not being very sympathetic. You know first hand that breakups are hard.
 I'm just gonna push all the buttons.
 Really?
 So do I.
 And a lovely Valentine's Day.
 Interesting, and when would you use the singular?
 What?
 This is so exciting.
 I wouldn't make too much out of Howard not reacting the way you expected him to.
 Hey, let's go do something to get your mind off this.
 Are you hungry? How about that sushi place you love?
 Maybe you should get a new doctor. What, he said you can't laugh either?
 Think about all the fun things you get to do when you have a baby.
 Oh, and I just found a new travel cup for Sheldon. It only lets out three at a time. So, when did you guys decide to get pregnant?
 Yeah, tell us.
 Me, me, me too. I'm a grown-up and I've done it.
 Oh, that sounds juicy.
 What?
 How could you do that?
 I do know what that's like. I really do.
 Then why are we drinking?
 Oh, no. Sheldon's drunk texting me.
 Would you like to sing karaoke with us.
 He used a period instead of a question mark. He's so wasted.
 Hi. How are you doing?
 We're just friends, what are you sayin'?
 My first love broke my heart for the first time.
 And I was like, baby, baby, baby, ooh, like, baby, baby, baby, no, like, baby, baby, baby, ooh, I thought you'd always be mine.
 So Sheldon, there's something I've been wanting to talk about but I know it's kind of a touchy subject.
 Well, your birthday's coming up, and you've never let us celebrate it, and I was hoping maybe this year we could.
 Okay, great, I mean, it doesn't have to be a big party or anything. I was just, where'd he go?
 Sheldon?
 I'm sorry I brought it up.
 But it's the one day a year that's just all about you.
 Can you please just tell me why?
 I'm sorry.
 You realize none of those things would happen now?
 Well, you made my last birthday so memorable, I wanted to return the favour.
 Okay, so how do you feel about party balloons?
 Well, I think they just want you to see it for the first time all decorated.
 Well, I'm, I'm sure they'll ask you to give a speech, and that's when you just tear 'em a new one. Have to say, you, you do look good in that suit.
 Maybe later I'll, uh, get to see you in your birthday suit.
 Oh. Penny says everyone's there. Are you ready?
 Are you all right?
 Oh, do you need a minute?
 Well, don't you think I'm the one who should go in?
 Well, I've, you know, seen him without pants on.
 Well, he's seen me without pants on.
 If I may, I, I'd like to propose a toast. Um, thank you all for coming tonight. I know it's customary for the birthday boy to receive presents, but I feel like I got the greatest gift the day he was born.
 Hey, everybody, listen up.
 We've got someone who couldn't be here but really wanted to wish you a happy birthday.
 Happy birthday to you, Happy birthday to you, Happy birthday, dear Sheldon, Happy birthday to you.
 So, have you been having any morning sickness?
 See what?
 Why wouldn't you open it?
 She's pregnant, she's not a bloodhound.
 What a nice gift for an astrophysicist.
 You don't need to be pregnant to smell that load of crap.
 Ooh, let's find out.
 Oh, my.
 These things go for five hundred dollars and up.
 Are you sure you don't want to stay here with us?
 Well, to be fair, Howard's idea was based on Sheldon's math.
 I hope everything's okay.
 And his obsessive-compulsive disorder.
 You should see the Valentine's Day card he gave me.
 Sheldon, what did you do?
 Sheldon.
 I didn't understand your e-mail.
 I didn't understand your e-mail.
 Deaw Aby, could you pleathe dwive be to the twain thtow thubtibe tobowow?
 Sheldon, why don't you get a new computer? You know that one's out-of-date.
 The video is failing, and the sound is cutting out.
 The video is failing, and the sound is cutting out.
 Get a new computer.
 Get a new computer.
 I got here as quickly as I could.
 Sheldon, this is silly.
 That lab monkey told me he loved me in sign language.
 Look, I'm, I'm sorry for your loss, but I think I have something that might make you feel better. I got you a new computer.
 Do what?
 Well, the guy at the store said this one is great.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Knock it off or I'll start making W-H sounds for words that just have a W.
 Whatch me.
 I thought you might like it.
 Or you could just look into my eyes.
 Well, you know, as long as you're happy.
 And Rick said you could bring in your old one to recycle it.
 Oh, but he said you can get store credit.
 But why wouldn't…
 Okay. How 'bout we change it to why you're being weird about this?
 Sheldon, just tell me.
 Okay.
 All right.
 Well, I signed one before we slept together. Why not now?
 Will you please tell me where we're going?
 I'm driving the car. I need to know.
 So where are we going?
 Why do you have a storage unit?
 How long have you had it?
 Do you want me to hold that computer?
 I'm sorry. What, what am I looking at?
 All of it?
 Okay. Well, I would like to tell you that there is nothing here to be ashamed of. So I'm gonna need a minute.
 You have sporting equipment?
 Okay, why do you have a bin of pine cones?
 So, why do you feel you need to save these things?
 Okay. I get it. I get it.
 I don't.
 Why?
 It's okay, Sheldon. You know, I've saved a lot of weird things, too.
 Well, um, did you know I have a microscope slide with a little bit of tissue from the first brain I ever dissected?
 It's not a contest.
 So, no one else knows about this?
 Thank you for trusting me.
 That's me, your emotional outhouse. You know, if you ever decide you want to do something about this, I'm, I'm here for you.
 Baby steps, I guess.
 Oh. Okay.
 You did it. Do you feel okay?
 Well, I'm proud of you.
 Well, I feel closer to you now.
 What did you have in mind?
 I really had to go home for this?
 And yet, I'm not.
 And yet, you can't.
 Here's your tea.
 You know, if you really want to be in nature, why don't we rent a cabin?
 We could all go for the weekend. It'll be fun.
 Come on, Sheldon, let's go with them.
 You know, if that study's real, Leonard might come back smarter than you.
 Yes.
 Yay.
 Have you ever been off the grid before?
 Sheldon, all we did was walk in from the car.
 On the other hand, safety first.
 Wow, it's really coming down.
 So what do we do now?
 Ooh, that sounds cozy.
 What's the game?
 She's trying to think of something she's never done before. This could take a while.
 No, it's only if you've done it.
 I can't believe you've been arrested.
 I'm surprised you would do that.
 Okay. My turn. Um, never have I ever completely rocked my girlfriend's world in bed.
 You know the rules. Drink.
 Never have I ever cancelled a dentist appointment.
 Never have I ever honked if I liked anything.
 Never have I ever put salt on my food without trying it first.
 Well, we all have a past.
 I brought my famous spinach dip.
 What's going on with him?
 Well, I get why he's annoyed.
 Well, I know how he feels. I never enjoyed our relationship agreement meetings.
 Sorry.
 Oh, Sheldon, I never thought re-filing a matter in a standing subcommittee could be so fascinating.
 Do you guys want to watch with us?
 You know, like women, men have a monthly hormone cycle. Dips in testosterone can cause irritability.
 Oh, I honestly couldn't care less.
 Well, I just took your side because sometimes I get annoyed at how close Sheldon and Penny are.
 Who's always comforting him when he's upset?
 Who's the only one who can make him take his medicine when he's sick?
 Okay. And did you know she has him add things to the roommate agreement so she can get her way and not fight with you about it?
 Who told you to stop making all those Gandhi jokes about him?
 Because you were defending Sheldon like you always do.
 Sheldon.
 How?
 That was scary.
 But you always say that you want to win a Nobel Prize.
 Well, it sounds like a nice night. We should go.
 Well, I'm going. You couldn't stop me from getting a massage at the mall, and you're not stopping me now.
 And I shouldn't have to see my boyfriend riding on a train for children around the mall.
 And now you know why I needed the massage.
 Oh, we're the first ones here.
 Yeah. Cool.
 Oh, I do. It was three years ago.
 So, Sheldon and Bernadette are hanging out.
 I don't know. I really don't know.
 Oh, thank God.
 But yes.
 Hey, Penny, isn't that your old boyfriend Zack?
 Are you gonna say hi to him?
 I'm getting an earthy note.
 Hello.
 Mike deGrasse Tyson?
 It's true. Even Einstein's theory of relativity was later applied to the development of nuclear weapons.
 How do you know that?
 So, Claire, we've heard so many wonderful things about you.
 Uh, mostly Penny's heard them.
 You just did.
 What are you doing here? You're not Sheldon.
 Hold on. He paid you to get out of spending time with me?
 We're not going shopping together.
 Can you understand why I might be annoyed right now?
 You know, just when I think we're making progress in our relationship, we revert to our old patterns where thoughts and feelings go unexpressed. I mean, if he didn't want to go shopping with me, why didn't he just say so?
 I'm sorry, I've been going on and on.
 I called him babe once. He asked me to get a drug test.
 Thank you.
 Do you realize it took me five years to get a massage from him?
 Three minutes. And he used a kitchen timer. I felt like a soft-boiled egg.
 Maybe it's Sheldon, here to say he's sorry.
 Bernadette, I'll give you five dollars to slam the door.
 Oh, was it, uh, Dr. Jenofski? I just saw his TED Talk.
 Come in.
 Fine.
 Well, he's come a long way. Or a short way very slowly, so it feels like a long way.
 Oh, sure. I'll, I'll talk to Sheldon about it. You know, Bernadette's husband is a former astronaut.
 I know how you feel. She didn't invite any of us.
 So there's no maid of honour?
 Huh. But if I were to, say, wear a purple satin dress with a sweetheart neckline and stand near you, you wouldn't be able to stop me, right?
 Then I graciously accept.
 Wait, now I'm just some lousy maid of honour?
 My pleasure, Mrs. Cooper.
 Okay, Mary.
 It sure was.
 Oh, well, the usual gang. Penny's family is coming tomorrow.
 You've met her, right?
 I think I can see my breath.
 Sorry.
 Hi.
 Sheldon.
 Play with your phone.
 Do you realize what's happening here?
 What took you guys so long?
 I'd be lost without you.
 Back to your phone.
 Hear, hear.

