 This is so exciting. Soon, my upper lip will be the same fake blonde as my beautiful best friend.
 Oh, yes. According to the Relationship Agreement, on the anniversary of our first date, he must take me to a nice dinner, ask about my day and engage in casual physical contact that a disinterested onlooker might mistake for intimacy.
 How long does this stay on?
 Once in high school, but I dozed off and woke up with second-degree chemical burns on my face.
 No, I had a cover story, I told everyone it was herpes. So, how's everything going with you and Leonard?
 Oh, boo-hoo. If Sheldon proposed to me during sex, my ovaries would grab on to him and never let go.
 Sheldon, this place is so romantic.
 Well, when you see him, tell him I say thank you.
 I don't understand. What's he doing here?
 On our date? Sheldon, that's not okay.
 You found a loophole?
 I can't believe I bleached my moustache for this.
 Go home.
 Sheldon, how could you do this? It's our second anniversary.
 Thank you.
 Have I ever told you you're like a sexy praying mantis?
 You know what's wonderful about the praying mantis? They devour their mate.
 Dessert is served.
 You know what? I'm done with this.
 I'm leaving.
 You do?
 Sheldon, you either say something meaningful and from the heart, or you and I are done.
 Sheldon, that was beautiful.
 I'll take it.
 That's from Sheldon. He told me he had it engraved.
 When I get married I'm going to register at the UCLA Cadaver Lab.
 Because I've always wanted a whole human skeleton and they are really spendy.
 Not just someday. In exactly four years. But don't tell Sheldon. He's still a flight risk.
 You're not answering the question. Do you love him?
 What does that mean?
 Can't help ya, kid. Whenever I'm around Sheldon, I feel like my loins are on fire. In the good way. Not the urinary tract infection way.
 Well, I like it.
 Just watch the movie.
 There might be a reason for that.
 Penny said she's not sure she wants to be Leonard's girlfriend anymore.
 So?
 It's complicated.
 She's not sure how she feels.
 Regardless, don't say anything to Leonard.
 Yes, please, Penny will kill me.
 Hello?
 Hang on, please. Hello?
 I know. She's yelling at me right now.
 You slept with him?
 Well, if that's all it takes, it's a good thing you don't have a dog.
 It's so cute when she tries.
 Oh, yeah. I'm a man-eater now.
 Oh, I don't know. Looks like something used by Tinkerbell's gynecologist.
 I'm going to video-chat Sheldon. If my new look leads to phone sex, I'm going to have to ask you to leave the room.
 Oh, hello. Who are you?
 I'd like to speak to Sheldon.
 All right. Well, tell him Amy called.
 He knows my last name. I'm his girlfriend. We have a contract and everything. I'll send you a PDF.
 Hmm, that's weird.
 Sheldon told me he had a new assistant named Alex. He didn't mention that Alex was a girl.
 You're right. I don't have to worry about Sheldon.
 It's her I have to worry about.
 Oh, really? Look at this face. How can any woman spend eight hours a day alone with this face and not fall in love with it?
 I'm not suspicious. I just want to stop in, say hi to my boyfriend and meet his new assistant. Aha!
 Hang on.
 Isn't it obvious? I'm spreading my scent to mark my territory.
 Really? Because just before you became my best friend, I did this all over your apartment.
 You were right. I had nothing to worry about. That skank's your problem, not mine.
 Look at you, putting on a brave face.
 Really? I don't know how much you know about primate behaviour, but Sheldon's assistant was clearly courting Leonard. Were she a mandrill, she would have bent over and displayed her brightly coloured hindquarters like a big red welcome mat. By the way, you try that at the junior prom, you get kicked out.
 So says your prefrontal cortex. But meanwhile, the limbic system of your brain is calculating that if another woman is attracted to Leonard, it must be because he's desirable.
 So it does bother you.
 And there you have it, prefrontal cortex reasoning versus limbic lust. If this were a boxing match, they might call it the thrilla adjacent to the amygdala. If you were a brain scientist, you would be busting a gut right now.
 Me, too. But we'll see him tomorrow.
 Uh, box? Uh, window?
 Uh, gift? Uh, Present!
 Yes.
 Penny, aren't you gonna draw something?
 Now?
 Uh, hand. Uh, nail, polish?
 Why don't we do something athletic like go over to the university pool and play water polo?
 All right, let's keep it simple. How about darts?
 We could go to the cadaver lab at UCLA and play real-life Operation.
 Are you sure? I mean, the nose doesn't light up, but if the corpse is fresh enough, sometimes you can get the leg to jerk.
 Oh, there he is, I got him.
 Long division, long division. Go, go, go.
 Yes.
 Ready, set, wrestle. One, two, three, pin.
 On the count of three. One, two…
 One, two, three, eat.
 Not now!
 Ladies night at the Cheesecake Factory. Does it get any better than this?
 Question. Do you think your husband's fondness for turtlenecks is an expression of longing for his missing foreskin?
 And my boyfriend?
 Then what's your job?
 That's not always true. Last night I gave Sheldon my best come-hither look, and he responded by explaining how wheat came to be cultivated.
 Why?
 He takes hypotheses and designs protocols to determine their accuracy.
 I think I'm gonna try green tea mixed with lemon zinger.
 So, listen, Sheldon, I was thinking, since this is gonna be our first Halloween party as boyfriend and girlfriend, I thought it might be fun for us to go in a couples costume.
 Really? I find that inconsistent with everything I know about you.
 Yeah?
 Sheldon, when I said couples costume, I meant like Romeo and Juliet or Cinderella and Prince Charming, not two robots from some silly movie I don't even like.
 I make compromises for you all the time. Just this once, can't we find something that we're both happy with?
 You know salt makes me retain water and my cousin William was ground to death in a pepper factory accident. How about Raggedy Ann and Andy? I loved them growing up.
 No. There are certain things that say to the world, I have a boyfriend, and he's not made up. Matching costumes, hickeys and sex tapes. Pick one.
 Sheldon, get in here.
 I'm Raggedy Ann, and he's Raggedy C-3PO.
 I once looked in Sheldon's underwear drawer. He yelled at me. But now I know what it looks like and he can never take that away.
 Not to mention, your acting career is going south like Sherman. Read about it in your book.
 Why wouldn't you tell Leonard?
 You guys have got to be the weirdest couple I know.
 I can, but she's sitting right there.
 Wow, my boyfriend is friends with Stephen Hawking and my new dandruff shampoo doesn't smell like tar. Everything really is coming up Amy.
 You know, when one male dominates another, his testosterone level rises.
 It's exciting to think you might be getting a testosterone level.
 Oh, you could turn his act into extract, and it would be for double points.
 Sorry.
 How'd it go with Leonard?
 Understood.
 You're smart.
 I feel like I'm in high school again.
 I know. It's finally working.
 Cut.
 Sorry, Sheldon, you were brilliant as always. Wil, that was a little wooden.
 Don't worry, it wasn't terrible. Just, this time, try to say it the way people sound. And action.
 Cut.
 It's called Fun with Flags. They're not at half-mast, nobody died. Let's try and keep it upbeat.
 You'll have to forgive me. This is my first time directing, I just want it to be good.
 Great. So, this time let's try more real boy, less Pinocchio. And action.
 Yes. And so far, we're still not getting our money's worth. Let's try it again. Everybody's having fun. And action.
 Cut.
 He was overacting on purpose.
 You gonna let him speak to me like that?
 Can I speak to you for a second?
 I don't care for your friend, he's being rude to me. You need to ask him to leave.
 Fine. Then maybe I should go.
 You sure you wouldn't rather have dinner with your friend Wil Wheaton?
 What?
 I'm mad at you, Sheldon.
 I'm not hungry. Your friend insulted me, and you didn't do anything.
 Sheldon, I'm your girlfriend, and you should have taken my side. That's it. End of story. Good night.
 What?
 Star Trek DVDs? Why would I want this?
 Cut. Yikes, this guy is worse than Wil Wheaton.
 A little sensitive, but not bad. Does it always take that long?
 I feel like I'm five pounds lighter.
 Sure.
 For hours. Fortunately, I couldn't understand most of it because Sheldon was wearing that stupid robot mask.
 I guess this is what we get for being with two testosterone-fueled alpha males. At some point, they're bound to lock horns.
 I know, Sheldon should just let Howard have his little moment in the sun.
 Well, I mean, Howard's never gonna go to space again, but Sheldon will always be a genius.
 If and when?
 That's an impressive accomplishment. He's now an inspiration to millions of Americans who know you don't have to be special or even qualified to go into space.
 Yeah, well, at least when we do make love, Sheldon won't be thinking about his mother. And yes, that is a cleverly veiled reference to Howard's lifelong obsession to crawl back into her spacious womb.
 This is so exciting. I'm feeling all tingly. Although that could just be my newly defoliated bikini zone.
 Freaking pigs.
 Wait, I'm leaving my car here?
 Before I park, come in the back seat. I want to show you something I had done today.
 What do you think?
 Oh, looks like someone's on Team Bernadette. Where's Howard?
 He had my car towed. It cost me two hundred dollars to get it back.
 In Sheldon's spot.
 Don't play dumb with me, sister. You tell your husband he owes me two hundred dollars.
 Why not?
 You?
 Oh, yeah? Well, you're not gonna see this coming.
 Oh, my God,
 Just my wallet, keys and a coffee can full of change I've been meaning to take to the bank.
 Are you okay?
 I do. Penny, Bernadette and I are sorry.
 You had my car towed.
 I was parked in Sheldon's spot.
 I'll drive. You can see where the tow truck scratched my car.
 How do you know?
 Me, too. In some weird way, I kind of feel like it brought us closer.
 Hello, Sheldon.
 I think I'm too sick to go to the funeral.
 Sheldon, aren't you gonna take care of me?
 But our relationship agreement clearly states that when one of us is sick, the other must take care of them.
 Never mind. Good night, Sheldon.
 Thank you, Sheldon.
 Sheldon, you don't get over the flu in half an hour.
 I have to say, I'm finding your bedside manner a little lacking.
 Of course I do. There have been many studies proving its validity.
 Sheldon, this isn't helping. Why don't you just let me get some rest.
 You, you want to rub something on my chest?
 Maybe we should start with that.
 Oh, I'm counting on it.
 That was great. Rub my chest again.
 I don't have a bath thermometer.
 Okay, okay, here's the deal. I don't need your medicine. I'm not sick.
 I got better two days ago. It's just been so nice having Sheldon take care of me.
 See the stuff in my nose? Rubber cement.
 All right. I'll tell him.
 I'll tell him tomorrow. Mama needs a bath.
 Oh, Sheldon, am I glad you're back. Taking a turn for the worst. I think I'm going to need another bath.
 Oh?
 All right, all right. But I really was sick at the beginning. It's just been so nice having you take care of me.
 I feel terrible I did this.
 I suppose that's fair. What do you suggest?
 I could not be allowed to go to the opening of the next Star Trek movie.
 Are you saying you want to spank me?
 That's true. I've been a very bad girl.
 One second. I want to put on some music.
 I don't want to disturb the people next door while you discipline me.
 Oh, my.
 Then maybe you should spank me harder.
 Ooh!
 Oh, great! I've always wanted to play Dungeons and Dragons.
 Why not?
 By rolling dice and playing make-believe with little figurines?
 Maybe another time.
 So, what's the plan? Are we gonna teach our fellas a lesson by getting stinking drunk, luring strange men into the bathroom, and turning the toilet stall into a temple of the senses?
 Geez, who's Forever 63 now?
 Thanks.
 Let's get him laid!
 That is some low-hanging fruit.
 The two of them? I don't understand.
 And you liked Bernadette also?
 So at, uh, some point, you probably had a thing for me, too.
 It's fine. I'm used to being the girl who never gets looked at twice. I didn't have my first kiss till I was 22, and the guy only did it so I'd give him back his insulin.
 Forget it. I don't expect you guys to understand.
 You think that's bad? In college, I passed out at a frat party and woke up with more clothes on.
 I do that, too. Sometimes the left hand tries to cop a feel. And I let it.
 It is, isn't it?
 I do. And don't worry, someday you'll have somebody, too.
 Thank you, Rajesh. He wants me, I'm good. We can go now.
 It's your assistant Alex, isn't it?
 She's right. But say the word, I got a lab full of cocaine-addicted monkeys with nothing to lose. One of them could end up in the backseat of her car. Or her shower.
 Sheldon doesn't believe in brunch. He can't stand being at a table where one person's having an omelette and another person's having a sandwich.
 When did Howard learn to sew?
 I don't even understand why they go to these conventions.
 It's probably because they were bullied growing up. In a world where you can't fight back, superheroes provide meaningful wish-fulfillment.
 No.
 Seriously?
 Who cares? Just soak it in. Hello, boys.
 All right, well, who's the best superhero?
 Ooh, I do love a bad boy.
 Well, there was a lot of action.
 And the story moved along at a brisk pace. It was, overall, what's the word I'm looking for?
 So stupid.
 What a waste of time.
 No, no, no, it doesn't. Thor is a god. The hammer is his, only he can use it. It's like Sheldon and his toothbrush. Or his thin, beckoning lips.
 Yes.
 Maybe we missed something.
 Yeah.
 Good idea. I'll help you.
 We are. We're just, uh, giving you a head start.
 It says right here on the hammer, whoever holds this hammer, if he be worthy, shall possess the power of Thor.
 No! It can't decide. It's a hammer.
 Yeah, but, it can't make decisions.
 Okay, if you're going to start comparing wands and hammers, I can't even take you seriously.
 You can't pick something up in outer space. In space, there is no up.
 Hard to argue with those kind of street smarts.
 Yeah?
 No. Hulk picked up Thor, Thor picked up the hammer.
 Did that ever happen?
 Look, right here. Red Hulk is picking up Thor's hammer because Thor's touching it.
 The strap is part of the hammer.
The monkey in my tobacco study has taken to smoking a pipe. I'm supposed to remove his brain to examine, but it's hard because now he reminds me of my uncle. You've been awfully quiet tonight. Is everything okay?
 All right, well, how was work today? Did you exchange your research with Kripke?
 Sheldon, what's going on?
 Sheldon, I wish there was something I could do to make you feel better. May I offer you a consoling hug?
 How's that?
 Children's toy.
 Children's toy.
 So, uh, what's your plan moving forward?
 No.
 Like a dog-boy.
 What if you could find a roommate who was a scientist and already familiar and comfortable with your ways?
 Great. Here I am!
 Me. Aren't I your perfect roommate?
 Think about it, Sheldon. I'm not a stranger, we're intellectually compatible, I'm willing to chauffeur you around town, and your personality quirks, which others find abhorrent or rage-inducing, I find cute as a button. What do you think?
 Tell me one reason why this isn't a fantastic idea.
 See? You can't. I'm gonna go see if Leonard's room is big enough for my water bed.
 Oh, there you are. When do I get a key to our apartment?
 Here you go. I picked up the Chinese food just the way Leonard used to.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes. I did good, right?
 No.
 Oh, and, uh, check this out. I took the liberty of scripting a new outgoing voice mail message for both of us.
 And this is Amy.
 Because we out dropping science, son.
 Leave a message.
 Beep.
 What? Why? Is it the message? I only used urban slang to sound tough so people wouldn't break in.
 Well, what is it, then? I did everything just the way you like it.
 Then what the hell, Sheldon? We have been going out for over two years, and I have been nothing but patient with you. I watch your dopey space movies. I signed your ridiculous contract. I even stopped wearing lip gloss because you said it made my mouth look too slippery. I am the best girlfriend you're ever gonna have. You give me one good reason why I can't live here.
 What?
 Yeah. Hey, Ames, nothing. I was all set to move in with Sheldon, and now I hear I can't because you don't want to live with Leonard.
 You're a coward.
 You know what would show them? I should move in here with you.
 I concur, but you changed the subject. What are we doing for Valentine's Day?
 Hello.
 Happy Valentine's Day.
 Hang on. As you know, I had planned a traditional evening of romance and gifts.
 And I appreciate your effort, but upon contemplation, I decided I was being selfish. So, I cancelled our dinner reservations and came up with an even better way to celebrate Valentine's Day.
 By doing none of it. No dinner, no romance, no gifts. We stay here, order a pizza and watch one of your beloved Star War Trek things.
 Well, that's what you'd love, isn't it?
 Well, then, that's what we're going to do.
 I'm your girlfriend. That's my job. And I know gift-giving puts a lot of pressure on you, so whatever you got me, you can return.
 What's this?
 Sheldon Cooper, Caltech University employee information?
 In case of emergency, please contact… Amy Farrah Fowler. And there's my phone number. This is the most beautiful gift you could've ever given me.
 And you picked me.
 Oh, Sheldon.
 Hello? Another medical emergency? What's wrong with him now? I seriously doubt he was bitten by a Chinese bird spider. How exactly does a bump feel Asian? Just put him on the phone. Sheldon, I am not driving over there again. Because I drove over there yesterday for a brain tumour that turned out to be an ice cream headache. Yes, I still want to be your emergency contact. Yes, you can eat your ice cream too fast and also have a brain tumour. I'm on my way. Brain tumour would explain a lot.
 Hello, Sheldon.
 Fine. Just hold on. Mommy's on the phone! Sorry. We've cut the monkeys down to one cigarette a day, so things are a little intense. Makes me miss my marijuana-abusing flatworms. Those guys were mellow.
 Oh, that's right. How'd it go with Penny?
 Subtle, but powerful.
 Did you tell Penny how helpful she was?
 Because she's your friend, and she did a nice job. I'm sure she'd like to hear it.
 I didn't mean now. Hello? Yeah, yeah, you want a cigarette. Well, I'd like a normal boyfriend. Deal with it.
 That's right. They're no good without the lighter.
 Why? What happened?
 Sheldon, that's very rude. She helped you with your show. The right thing to do is reciprocate by going to see her play.
 That better be Tootsie Rolls you're throwing at me!
 Sadly, I'm no longer associated with that project.
 Typical bureaucratic nonsense. You can get animals addicted to a harmful substance, you can dissect their brains, but you throw their own faeces back at them and suddenly you're unprofessional.
 Just so you know, this is not a stupid play. A Streetcar Named Desire is an American classic.
 Our Penny's a star.
 Well, evolutionary biology says that women are attracted to a man who is steady n the face of danger, so I recommend an unsafe environment. Seedy bar on the wrong side of the tracks, picnic near a lunatic asylum, a wine tasting on Skid Row.
 I haven't been to Disneyland since I was a kid. We should definitely go one weekend.
 Hooky? I've never played hooky in my life. My mom said that's how girls end up addicted to reefer and jazz music.
 Me, too.
 Hmm. We doing just Disney or California Adventure, too?
 I can't believe I ditched work for Disneyland.
 Oh, I was very clever, I did it in stages. At seven o'clock last night, I called about a problem at the lab and casually mentioned I was going out for seafood. At nine thirty, I called and told him that one of my scallops tasted weird. At eleven thirty, I called and said I was throwing up like a fire hose. At twelve forty-five, I called and made nothing but dry heaving sounds, and now I'm going to Disneyland.
 So, what are we gonna do first?
 Ooh, that sounds like fun.
 Come on, do it with us.
 Oh, I want to be Cinderella, too.
 Then how do we decide?
 We're here.
 It's our pleasure. I'm Dr. Fowler, and I'm a neuroscientist.
 The world of science needs more women, but from a young age, we girls are encouraged to care more about the way we look than about the power of our minds.
 Sheldon, all Snow White needs is one little kiss to wake up.
 Hi.
 Oh, it's okay, I'm used to it. The other day at Whole Foods, he spent an hour optimizing the cheese aisle.
 His quirks just make you love him more. Someone please agree with me.
 I can't believe he set it on fire.
 Boy, I'm really curious what was in that letter.
 Well, you said Sheldon read it. Why not ask him?
 You have something we want.
 Sheldon, that's not a real thing.
 This is really fun.
 Absolutely.
 Hey.
 Me, too.
 Use me as a human shield!
 Told you.
 You didn't know it, but your father was in the auditorium at your high school graduation. And he cried because he was so proud of you.
 No, it's not.
 Okay.
 If you'd let me pierce your brain with a hot needle in the right place, you'd be happy all the time.
 Are Rajesh and Leonard competing for it as well?
 Do they know they don't stand a chance because you're so great?
 Or you take advantage of your newfound economic stability and move out, buy a house, get married. start a family.
 You know, if you really want tenure, maybe you should cozy up to the people making the decision.
 You don't say.
 Is that a problem?
 Well you better have a good excuse this time, because trimming Q-tips to fit your ears right is obvious nonsense.
 It sounds like a long and tedious evening.
 Oh. Well, in that case, perhaps I should come along.
 Of course it would. I'm well-versed in academic politics, and as a respected scientist, I can only raise your stock as a candidate.
 Let's go over our emotional responses one last time.
 Professor Tupperman is dead, and that makes us?
 The fact that there are so many people here tonight doesn't make us cranky and claustrophobic. It makes us?
 Giving Mrs. Davis the box set of Roots was?
 No.
 I'd like to know why Penny's here.
 She plans on flirting with members of the tenure committee to further Leonard's cause.
 You're all wasting your time. Sheldon is the most qualified for the job, and no amount of gravity-defying bosom's going to change that. Seriously, is that tape? Like, how are they staying up like that?
 Sheldon!
 Well, you'll always be an academic success, but I seriously question whether you'll make any more friends.
 Should have taken my breasts out while I had the chance.
 I'm sorry you're upset. You know, Sheldon, sometimes people seek the comfort of physical contact in moments like this.
 Okay. Well, what I think is going on here is you have a pathological need for closure.
 You know, I might be able to help you with this. There's a whole field of behavioural neuroscience that examines ways to retrain your neural pathways so stuff like this bothers you less.
 You sure about that?
 I've come up with a series of exercises to help with your compulsive need for closure.
 All I'm saying is, we live in a world where closure isn't always an op…
 I'm going to recondition your brain so that the need for completion isn't so overwhelming.
 Yep. Your turn.
 Exactly. How does that make you feel?
 And that's exactly the feeling we want to address with this course of treatment.
 Come on, you can do this.
 Yeah, sounds like a drag.
 O'er the land of the free, and the home of the… Next.
 Let's box it up.
 That's enough. Sheldon, Sheldon, give it!
 Okay, Sheldon, make a wish and blow out the candles. Oops, missed one. Now your wish can't come true.
 I'm a little surprised to hear you feeling so positive.
 And?
 I'm proud of you, Sheldon.
 No rules? We're not gonna get drunk and have a six-way with the Blue Man Group, are we?
 So there are some rules.
 Thank you. Vegas!
 I got some old underwear I'm gonna throw on stage at the Garth Brooks concert.
 Because last time I saw him, I threw new ones and it got me nothing.
 Uh, well, when we were going through security, I got pulled out of line for a pat-down. The, uh, TSA agent got a little handsy. I may have broken her nose with my elbow.
 I'm sorry. I feel like such an idiot.
 You guys enjoy your evening. I'm gonna go before I ruin anybody else's weekend.
 Okay.
 Nineteen. Yes, this is turning out to be even better than Vegas.
 Here we go. Fifteen?
 Sheldon, they're talking about sex.
 I don't like this.
 What?
 You don't have to come in here and cheer me up.
 I'll tell you what they think. They think our relationship is a joke.
 Sheldon, are we ever going to have an intimate relationship?
 And now?
 Do you have any interest now?
 Wow. Talk dirty to me.
 I guess I know that. It's just, part of me wants more.
 Come on. Let's go back out there.
 Okay.
 Oh.
 I kiss you on the lips.
 I remove your armour. What do you do?
 Keep rolling.
 Go away! Sheldon is nibbling on my 14! Yes!
 Hello, Rajesh.
 And now he can talk. I want to cut open your brain and see what the heck's going on in there.
 It should be me.
 A, that was not a joke, that was a sincere request. And B, more importantly, I was the outsider to this group, and I know how frightening that can be. But you guys took me in and made me feel loved, like I was family.
 So, after I started dating Sheldon, I met Leonard, and then everybody else, and they've all been so wonderful to me.
 Maybe next week, we could all get together.
 Ignore him. He's a little nervous because he doesn't think I understand the severity of your social anxiety.
 Excuse me, but I'm a neurobiologist. I think I'm a little more qualified than you to understand what's not working in your girlfriend's brain!
 Rajesh, I thought Lucy was coming.
 Me, too.
 Does he ever shut up?

