 Don’t be. You are built for pharmaceutical sales. You’re cute, you’re flirty and started that like there were gonna be three things.
 This job is a lot like being a waitress, except instead of pushing the fish tacos because they’re about to go bad, you’re just pushing our antidepressants before the FDA finds out they may cause rectal bleeding.
 Maybe. But like our lawyers say, the world is full of things that can cause a rectum to bleed. Anyway, I talked you up to Dan. He’s the guy who’ll be interviewing you.
 You’ll be fine. Just be yourself.
 Penny, I wouldn’t have put you up for this job if I didn’t think you could handle it.
 It’s too late to cancel. You’re going.
 Oh, I understand. You want to do something you’re already good at. I know. Why don’t I get you a job at the Sitting Around All Day Wearing Yoga Pants Factory?
 I never thought I’d say this, but Penny got a job today.
 Well, the only reason she got it is because the guy who interviewed her loves me.
 Howie?
 Okay, calm down. You’re not his father, he’s not your father. Nobody’s anybody’s father.
 Hey, don’t you take that sarcastic tone with him.
 Hey.
 Did you get a chance to look over the materials I gave you?
 Great. When?
 I don’t want to be pushy, but you’ve never done pharmaceutical sales before. It seems like you could use this time to get a head start.
 But imagine how impressed they’d be if you showed up already familiar with the material.
 Couldn’t hurt.
 Hey.
 Not much. You want to get a drink later? Just the two of us?
 Not tonight. I’m a little frustrated with her.
 So it’s not just me. You see it, too.
 It’s driving me crazy. Just this afternoon, I saw on Instagram that instead of studying, she went out to lunch and got a manicure.
 I know.
 Exactly. Does she not realize it or does she not care?
 Hey, Amy.
 That sounds fun, but I promised Penny I’d come by and help her study.
 I was probably being too hard on her. We talked, we’re good.
 Well, don’t worry, everything’s back to normal.
 Okay, what are the potential side effects for our erectile dysfunction drug?
 Yes.
 Want to stop here?
 Nah, you got this. Let’s go for a drink. I’ll call Amy.
 I can’t believe you’re sore.
 But they throw an actual ball. You were throwing air at a TV.
 I’m kind of surprised you agreed to do this in front of a stadium full of people.
 Okay. Well, if you want, I could help you practice. I played a lot of softball growing up.
 Great. And while we’re at it, maybe we could butch up your run for when you head out to the mound.
Oh, just kidding. Nothing.
 All right, the pitcher’s mound in Major League Baseball is sixty feet, six inches away from home plate.
 Keep going.
 I’ll let you know.
 Okay, stop.
 That’s sixty feet.
 I’m looking at it.
 Okay, it’s not that hard. You just look to where you want to throw it, step towards where you want to throw, and throw it.
 Just throw the ball. Let’s see what we’re working with.
 Throw the damn ball!
 Think he’s getting any better?
 Okay.
 I think so.
 He’s so nice.
 Howie, I am so proud of you.
 Go get them.
 Why is it going so slow?
 But he’s going to.
 Long story short, they have seven HBOs.
 You know, Penny just started training to be a pharmaceutical sales rep. Maybe she can practice on you some time.
 Last night was fun. What did you think of Emily?
 Did she say she didn’t like you?
 You guys just met. Why would she feel that way?
 I’m sure you’re worried about nothing.
 Really?
 When you go to Emily’s office to practice, you’ll see. It’s fine.
 Come on, look how pretty you are. I’m sure this isn’t the first girl to hate you.
 And I’m sure you can turn it around.
 Oh, I know. Why don’t you use your sales training to go back down there and sell yourself?
 Yeah. But instead of selling a drug, you’d be selling Penny. it’s cute.
 Well, maybe people would like you more if you didn’t crap all over their ideas.
 Nope.
 I know.
 Fine. What is it?
 Nope.
 Howard, you know we’re saving up for a house.
 It just seems like a risky investment.
 Oh. Howie, I had no idea.
 Oh, baby. That story’s made up, isn’t it?
 Okay, let’s get down to business. Howie was thinking about putting up some money to help you reopen the store, but before that happens, I have a few questions.
 Hell, yeah.
 I’ll check hotels.
 Well, what do you want to do?
 That sucks.
 You sure?
 We’re not seeing Fairly Manilow.
 I think after this, I’ll be dead.
 I’m proud of her. This is a great opportunity. It’s nice to see her take it seriously.
 We are.
 Amy.
 You’re embarrassing me.
 What?
 Housekeeping.
 It was us the whole time.
 Was it working?
 Oh, I’m so sorry.
 Guess who won a hundred dollars playing craps.
 Then guess who wildly overtipped a cocktail waitress.
 We want to see if they twirl their junk in the other direction.
 Come on, do you want to sit here being a loser, or do you want to watch me climb into an Australian man’s G-string like a baby kangaroo?
 Aren’t you gonna chase her?
 See? Isn’t this better than a hotel room?
 Have you ever seen a body so fine?
 Would you please close the drapes?
 I like your suit.
 Speaking of new careers, how are things going with dark matter, Sheldon?
 Oh. What’s going on?
 Maybe they could ride around in one of those mine carts that go ee-oo-ee-oo-ee-oo.
 I told you they weren’t gonna ask us to swing with them.
 Sure, sometimes. I mean, it can be a little awkward since I make so much more money than Howie.
 Well, I didn’t have to, but for the sake of accuracy I felt that I should.
 Like what? Your incomplete set of Star Trek collector plates?
 Without asking me?
 How much, Howie?
 How much?
 Was it more or less than falconry school?
 Well, maybe I would have paid it if I wasn’t also doing everything else around here.
 That was a pity star. Putting water in the roasting pan and leaving it in the sink is not doing the dishes.
 Well, don’t come crying to me when you don’t get your allowance.
 Sorry you guys had to see that.
 Money’s a sensitive subject for Howie because of the difference in our income.
 Well, sure. There’s still a lot of pressure on guys to be providers. So even though he’s happy for me, it’s just a little tough on him.
 I’ll be right back. I’m gonna go check on him.
 Why are you being a baby?
 I’m so sorry I made you feel bad about the money stuff.
 No, it’s not okay. I want us to be partners, equals. Adults in a mature relationship.
 Now, let’s talk about your birthday party.
 Oh.
 So, what are you working on these days?
 What would a one-celled organism have to be embarrassed about?
 Speaking of underwear, I have some interesting news.
 He was being funny. I’m pretty sure. Anyway, I was asked to be a part of a magazine article about the 50 sexiest female scientists in California. Isn’t that cool?
 Why can’t someone be thought of as both smart and pretty?
 I was kind of excited about the article, but now you’re making me feel bad.
 It was fine, but you’ll be happy to know they pulled the sexy scientists article.
 I don’t know. They just canceled the photo shoot and said they’re rethinking it.
 I guess. It’s really not that important. Hey, up here.
 What? How?
 Amy, what did you say?
 Because no one wants to see Neil deGrasse Tyson in a wet T-shirt, bent over the hood of a Porsche.
 No, what happened was you got jealous, so you took away a chance for me to get some publicity.
 That’s for me to decide, not you.
 And I think you don’t like people expressing their sexuality because no one wants you to express yours. Oh, Amy, I’m so sorry. That was over the line.
 Please don’t go. Up until my vicious attack, you were the one in the wrong.
 Oh, good, you’re here. Amy, I am so sorry.
 What?
 We brought snacks for movie night.
 Right here.
 Wow, you still have it? I just assumed it was balled up in the corner of a barn somewhere.
 Slutty.
 How was your prom? Did you go?
 My prom was pretty terrible, too. I was so excited about my date, but it turned out he only asked me because he liked my friend. He spent the whole night talking about her.
 Easy for you to say; you probably went with the captain of the football team.
 Ooh, I have an idea. Maybe we can have, like, a prom do-over.
 Ooh, and get our hair done, and slow-dance.
 Ooh, every single person RSVP’d yes. This is so exciting. Isn’t this exciting?
 Look, even Stuart’s bringing a date. I wonder who it is.
 Because he’s our friend, and you two need to get along. And why can’t he take your mom? You took her to your prom.
 I saw a picture of you two dancing together.
 That’s a neat tattoo.
 Aw, that movie’s so cute.
 I like Cinderella.
 I like Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo.
 What?
 That’s Jeanie?
 So, you knew and you brought her anyway?
 Yeah, go have weird relationships with your own mother and cousin. This is his turf.
 Howie, get off of him.
 Not anymore.
 Well, what are some of the things they like?
 He said that to her?
 They’re yours in the divorce.
 Hi.
 Oh, muffin much.
 He’s just not laughing because he’s feeling blueberry. Tough crowd.
 Well, of course. I would be devastated if my parents split up.
 Well, at least he stuck around, not like your dad, who just took off.
 Sorry, Raj. Do you have any sense of what happened with your folks?
 It’s a shame they spent all that time unhappy. But sometimes, there’s muffin you can do about it. You get it, right?
 Can I tell you something? This whole thing with Raj’s parents just got me a little worried about us.
 What?
 I’m not joking, Howie. You heard what he said about his parents. It was the little things they kept bottled up. I don’t want that to happen to us.
 Well, is there anything about me you’re keeping inside?
 So there are things you don’t like.
 Just tell me one thing that bothers you, and I promise I won’t get mad.
 Oh. Howie, be serious.
 Okay, fine, maybe it was a bad idea.
 Who were you in couples therapy with?
 Was it your mom?
 It was your mom.
 Oh, that’s so sweet. I want to do that.
 Okay, um, I love that you make me laugh.
 And yet, I still love when you hold a door for me.
 Uh-huh. And I love that I work and do all the cleaning, and you’re okay with that.
 I love that you take pride in your looks, even when I have to pee in the morning, and you’re in there spending an hour on your hair.
 I love that you have the confidence to speak, even without giving it an ounce of thought.
 Oh, how is she?
 Hey, what are you talking about?
 Oh, yeah. I remember him from the picnic. He was the one crying like a wuss the whole time.
 Just builds character. Like my dad said, nobody likes a crybaby except their mommies and Democrats.”
 What’s his problem?
 Well, I didn’t think you were supposed to say sissy anymore.
 What? I’m, like, the sweetest person I know. Look at me. I should be in a tree baking cookies.
 Oh, yeah? You one of those people?
 I’m not a bully. I mean, maybe I come off a little strong, but that’s only because my dad raised me to be tough and not to take crap from anybody.
 I did say that, didn’t I?
 Where? To Babies R Us?
 Okay, sorry. Can we just go? I feel like everybody hates me.
 I think I’d rather go.
 Thank you.
 Dan, could I talk to you for a minute?
 Just want you to know I didn’t mean to be rude about your grandson.
 No, it’s not. Penny told me that everyone’s scared of me.
 No, she’s right, and I just want you to know that from now on, I’m gonna be much more sensitive. I don’t want anyone walking on eggshells around me.
 No problem. When does that start?
 What?
 Who’s been paying for my coffee?
 What else don’t I know about?
 Yeah?
 You’re kidding.
 I feel so bad.
 Oh, my God. I thought everybody liked me, but I’m just a monster.
 No, I’m the worst. I’m a terrible person.
 It’s not okay. How can I even work here anymore?
 I can’t let you do that.
 I guess that would be all right.
 You’re right. Now where did we land on my bathroom?
 I think a Victorian Christmas sounds nice.
 Here comes Santa Claus, here comes Santa Claus, right down Santa Claus Lane. Vixen and Blitzen and all his reindeer pulling on the reins.
 Bells are ringing, children singing, all is merry and bright. So hang your stockings and say your prayers because Santa Claus is coming tonight. Why’d you turn it off?
 Maybe you’d like it more if you thought of Santa as a superhero and his power is bringing joy to children.
 Okay, new subject. Let’s talk about presents. What did you get Amy?
 Come on, Sheldon, you have to get her something.
 She’s just excited about the holidays.
 How?
 What?
 Yeah, you’re gonna have to walk me through that.
 Then you’re both sad?
 So your evil plot here is to buy your girlfriend a present?
 What about that sweater?
 I think the nicest gifts I’ve got from Howie show how well he knows me.
 Wow, you really do love her.
 You feeling okay? You hardly touched your goose.
 You okay?
 I told you not to wax down there. It’s itchy when it grows back.
 What’s he talking about?
 All I have is our new urine flow drug. Won’t help with his anxiety, but it’s so strong, when he pees he’ll fly around the room like he’s got a jet pack.
 You know, worrying won’t have any effect on what happens.
 We were talking about Penny’s job.
 Well, they’re not a hundred percent wolf. They’re a werewolf, that’s only part wolf. It’s like comparing apples to oranges.
 Emily’s feelings?
 What happened?
 Don’t you think you should make him stop all this?
 Okay, movie night, what do you want to watch?
 Search for it.
 Because it would be fun to watch.
 Well, now we have two reasons.
 Please, can we watch it?
 Well, maybe it turned out better than you think.
 Ho-ho, it really didn’t.
 No, give me the remote.
 Okay, I learned my lesson. Making fun of people is wrong.
 Hi. I’m Bernadette Maryann Rostenkowski from Yorba Linda, California.
 And you should pick me for Miss California Quiznos 1999, because I want to tell you what I want, what I really really want, l tell you what I want, what I really really want, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna Really, really, really be Miss California Quiznos 1999.
 Because it’s embarrassing.
 Yeah, well, Amy writes Little House on the Prairie fan fiction about herself and posts it on the Internet.
 Sorry, I had to get the spotlight off me, and tearing down other women is part of my pageant training.
 We got embarrassed tonight. Come on.
 Please?
 Why? Why did it feel different?
 Wow, even in your fantasies Sheldon’s kind of exhausting.
 Here we go.
 Oh, Amelia.
 Because she wanted him to give her the part she needed.
 I was just kidding. I’m sorry. And the story’s really good.
 Please?
 But they didn’t even kiss.
 Not now!
 Your mom having fun in Florida?
 She’s just being nice.
 Because you have a wife.
 I know you don’t like Stuart being in the house, but the store’s about to reopen, I’m sure he’ll get back on his feet.
 Well, normal’s a strong word, but sure.
 Stuart, this place looks amazing.
 Howie.
 Why don’t we leave so you can cool off?
 I understand why you’re upset, but he worked really hard to get the store ready. And it’s just furniture.
 Howie, if the store succeeds, Stuart has a source of income, and he can move out of your mother’s house. Seems like some old furniture is a reasonable price to pay for that.
 This is why I had to rewrite our wedding vows.
 Can you please just let it go?
 You helped him?
 What?
 Oh, my God, Howie.
 Eight sixteen.
 Just drop it.
 Um, well, it’s, uh, black. There’s a red ribbon tied to the handle.
 So, where is it?
 Sure you don’t want to go home? When the bag’s returned, they’ll deliver it to us.
 All right, we’ll wait.
 What?
 There’s no way you could’ve known. Be right back. Excuse me?
 You better find my husband’s mother because one way or another, we’re walking out of this airport with a dead woman.
 Okay, thank you so much.
 Oh, no. That thing’s gonna end up in my bedroom.
 Okay. But you got a lot of receipts for the Lego store in here.
 A two hundred dollar R2-D2 is a business expense?
 What’s happening?
 Aw. I’m gonna miss her.
 Well, maybe this is what you get for snooping.
 She sounds really mad.
 Yeah, we should.
 Not a chance.
 Howard, you’re going to jail for tax fraud. Who cares?
 Well, it’ll be good that you’re there. Howard’s been having trouble deciding what to keep and what to let go.
 Is that why you couldn’t get rid of her drawer full of ketchup packets?
 What happened?
 Howie, what’s wrong?
 It’s okay. It’s just food.
 Well, why don’t we take it home and put it in our freezer?
 What should we do?
 There’s, like, twenty pounds of food in there.
 Howie.
 I love that.
 Thanks.
 Did she throw anything away?
 You okay?
 Should we tell everyone not to come?
 Okay. Well, I’ll keep it together if you can.
 Yeah, we just want to have the kind of dinner that we’ve all had here so many times before.
 No, we got it. You guys make yourselves comfortable.
 Oh, that’s fine.
 Hey. Sheldon, Leonard, living room, right now!
 I don’t know what you think you’re doing, but this is a very difficult time for my husband. We’re eating the last food his mother ever made, and you were gonna throw it at each other like children? Whatever it is you’re fighting about, put it aside, go back in there and be a good friend to Howard or there’s no dessert for either of you. Look at me when I’m talking to you. And don’t think…
 Good news, I found more Tums.
 So, I put stickers on everything we’re gonna sell. We just need help taking it all out to the driveway.
 You know, you can leave one side up and play against it.
 I think you just answered your own question.
 Sweetie, we have a lot to do. We don’t need to decide this right now.
 Of course.
 It’s tricky finding the right balance between tasteful modern and Jewish mother tchotchke crapfest.
 You can’t just decide. How about I arm-wrestle you?
 How is that fair? You grew up with a table.
 Yes, Penny plays for me.
 Leonard makes you watch that, too?
 Hey, Raj. if Howard can’t keep the TARDIS, how great would it look at your place?
 I don’t know much about Doctor Who, but if, um, you were to put this right outside your front door and open up the back, it would be like your entire apartment was the inside of the TARDIS, which is pretty cool because on the show, the inside of the TARDIS is bigger than the outside. But then again, I don’t know much about<i> Doctor Who.
 Well, if you can switch champions, so can I. I want Raj.
 Oh, come on, like you even care.
 Except, Raj is gonna win. Isn’t that right, Raj?
 Come on, get in her head. Be intimidating.
 Hey.
 Don’t listen to him, all she’s got is a serve. Now, grab a fresh tampon and put her away.
 One-five. Two-five. Three-five. Four-five. Five-five.
 Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten-ten.
 You know, Amy, I, uh, can’t help but wonder how Sheldon would react if the TARDIS was at your place.
 If this doesn’t get him into your bedroom, nothing will.
 Hey, Raj.
 Oh, that’s a lot of Girl Scout Cookies.
 You know, I’m thinking ripping up the carpets, maybe lose the wallpaper, all new light fixtures.
 Okay, okay. When he’s at Comic-Con, I’m bringing in a wrecking ball.
 Oh, let me do it, Howard.
 So, Josh, what do you do?
 Oh, how nice. I loved Finding Nemo.
 Why don’t you help with the coffee?
 Howie, have you noticed how often people say that when you start to do magic?
 Keep dreaming.
 He did it with a robot.
 What’s going on in here?
 Oh. How do you drink it?
 I think I’ll have a beer.
 Why?
 Is this about the space probe he’s working on without you?
 Howard, you’re grown men. You guys don’t have to do everything together.
 Trying to hurt Raj’s feelings.
 You’re being childish.
 I’m sorry. What do we know?
 Don’t take this the wrong way, but how many of these little booze balls have you had?
 I was kidding. Of course you are.
 You better not change, because I love who you are. Now, will you need help cleaning all this up when you’re done or can you do it all by yourself?
 There’s my big boss man.
 Well, I’m glad you have a new appreciation for your job.
 Properly, at all. It’s just words I’ve never heard.
 You’re welcome. Hey, now that you’re making some real money, maybe you can take your friend out for a nice thank-you dinner.
 How about now?
 Don’t forget your wallet.
 Well, now you get to go back as a successful scientist.
 I have the tool you wanted.
 Why don’t you just call tech support?
 What?
 I call tech support all the time.
 Four hours of our lives gone? Check.
 Ready to call tech support?
 Maybe you shouldn’t be flying it inside.
 Stuart.
 We talked about this. I don’t mind you still living here, but we got to have some rules. And rule number one is pants.
 Guys. In the time you’ve been sitting here playing video games, I got the car washed, picked up cleaning supplies and went to the bank.
 Okay, I don’t know when I became the mother to three lazy teenagers, but it stops today. You guys are cleaning the kitchen, top to bottom.
 Yes or no, do you have clothes in my laundry right now?
 Look at that. You cleaned it up all by yourself.
 You mean because she has weird tattoos?
 The only issue is that everybody has their own thing, and as long as it’s two consenting adults, I guess I don’t see the harm in it.
 Well, then I guess bring a blanket. The grass gets damp at night.
 I think if Raj wants to break up with a girl, he can do it.
 I don’t know.
 That’s not true. We were just laughing right in your face.
 Did you eat all my yoghurt?
 You know which yoghurt I mean.
 Maybe Raj is right. Maybe it’s time we tell him he needs to move out.
 I know, but his store was reopening, and then there were the holidays, and then he was sick.
 All right. Tonight’s the night.
 Ooh, I like when you take charge.
 Right.
 Howard Joel Wolowitz, you get back here.
 Don’t let that sway you.
 So, we need to talk.
 Well, you’ve been living here a while now.
 Yeah.
 So, anyway, what I’m trying to say is…
 Happy birthday to you.

