 Would you like us to leave so you and Leonard can talk about all the things you have in common? 
 Congratulations. 
 My God, what if Sheldon and Amy are getting robbed? 
 So, what should we do? Should someone go check it out? 
 Man, that is one hot weather girl. 
 You want to say it? You can say it. 
 I want to look away, but I can't. 
 Raj, you need to apologize to Dr. Tyson. 
 Come on, Raj, you're better than this. 
 What'd he say? 
 Really? Don't you think this Twitter feud is a little silly? 
 Raj, you're not going to impress anyone by attacking him. 
 I told you, I'm not okay with it. 
 I heart New York. Aw, the baby's gonna love throwing up on this. 
 What's wrong with his face? 
 Hey, Stuart, you look pretty happy. 
 Aw. That's great. But don't smile like that in front of Halley. She just started sleeping through the night. 
 Okay, I'm out. 
 I get it, Howard. I've been busy! 
 Yeah, she made it at daycare. 
 Is it? 
 Whoa. 
 Have you tried showering, seeing if you could scrub it off? 
 Look, it's only a spray tan. It'll fade in a couple days. Why don't you cancel the date and reschedule? 
 You know what? Then go. Tell her what happened. Maybe she'll be flattered. 
 So, Penny, we were talking to our neighbors, and they're thinking of moving and selling their house. 
 Then we could be neighbors.
 Wait, I forget, is Anu your waxer? 
 So much.
 Fine, I'm shopping on my phone. 
 Yes, I also tell people I only feed the kids organic. It's just stuff you say. 
 Oh, cool, what was it? 
 Well, if it's important, you find the time. 
 How do you feel about this? 
 No, with them in his room, doing stuff. 
 I can't. Halley and Michael were up all night, and I'm way behind here. 
 No. They were just laughing and playing like a couple of jerks. Boy, they're cute, but they ruin everything. 
 Are you crazy? Of course you want them. It's amazing. 
 I'm allowed to. It's their fault I pee when I laugh. 
 Oh, it's not crazy. It's just wrong. You only think you don't want kids, but once you have kids, you'll realize that you did want them. 
 Aw, you sound just like me before I became a mom and learned what the meaning of love was. 
 Look, I know it's scary, but you're gonna be a great mom. 
 Maybe you wouldn't be great. You kind of got a temper. 
 You're right, you've got Leonard. What more do you need? 
 Hey, honey, how was your day? What's wrong? 
 The same thing happened to me. Penny said she didn't want kids, and I told her she was being silly, and she accused me of being condescending. Which is crazy, because if I wanted to be condescending, I would've said, "Ooh, 'condescending.' That's such a big word." 
 I know. We're married, we have great kids, great jobs, this great house.
 I would say that sounds pretty good. 
 Oh, come on. 
 Can you get him? 
 Hey, Howard. 
 It looks like you could crack a walnut in those glutes. 
 So, are you actually engaged to this woman you just met? 
 Well, it's hard to say, not knowing much about her. Does she have fingers? 
 I'm pumping! 
 Oh. Come in. 
 I thought you were my boss. 
 I know, he's so desperate to get married, which is weird, because I can't imagine we make it look that great. 
 Well, I could ask my dad. Maybe he can get some of his old cop buddies to do a background check on her. 
 Of course. He's a retired cop who plays by his own rules. Hi, Daddy. No, everything's good. I just have a favor to ask. Yeah, so, my friend Raj is marrying this woman that he barely knows, and I wanted to see if you could use your connections to dig up any dirt on her. Uh-huh. Sure. Okay. Love you. 
 Absolutely not. He won't do it. It's totally illegal. 
 He does, but apparently, they're very similar to the actual rules. 
 Oh, this is so nice. Mm-hmm. Maybe instead of introducing ourselves to Anu, we could just get a room, order some food and take a nap. 
 That must be her. 
 Yes, I'm here to pick up our Hamilton tickets. 
 We just want to see if we could take you to dinner and get to know you a bit. 
 Me, too. I can fit my whole body in our dryer. 
 She can get into any restaurant, but the best husband she can find is Raj? 
 Look, I think that's LeBron over there. 
 No, LeBron Kershenbaum. 
 Well, you seem like a smart, successful woman, why would you want to marry someone you just met? 
 I dunno, I married for love and it turned out... fine. 
 So what is the craziest request anyone's ever made? 
 That is so cool. By the way, do not tell Raj that you met Britney Spears, because he will literally die. 
 Because it's totally gonna work, what do you want to know? 
 So great. 
 He's great. 
 Yeah. 
 But also a bad way. 
 No. 
 Or a normal way; they both wear swimsuits. 
 But not cute sniffles-- full-on snot sobs. 
 Check it out-- LeBron James posted a picture of me and him on Instagram.
 Look right behind him.
 Okay. You see that table just past his left shoulder? Now go back two more tables and over to the right. 
 That's me! Oh, it's Raj. Hey Raj, I'm here with Penny. 
 Uh... whatever do you mean? 
 I know. Maybe we should take her out again and do some damage control. 
 I don't know, but we owe it to Raj to try. 
 You okay? You seem distracted. 
 I'm thinking about Chris Hemsworth. Let's go. 
 Biceps, hammer, abs. Still in it. 
 And it's gone. 
 Of course he wouldn't want you to. I mean, think about it. If you were him, would you want to share the stage with a sexy-ass astronaut?
 Oh, you know, tight pants, huge biceps, magic hammer. 
 Shh, I'm back in it. 
 About a week ago. 
 Date night. We do a little role-playing. 
 I am Ykatarina Nazdorovya, lonely Russian cosmonaut who is expert at physics and making love. 
 Flexible men and women. 
 Kak horosho.
  What is happening?
Can you believe these two... Are you crying?
 We used to, but a couple guys in the infectious disease lab went as zombies and it triggered a quarantine. The CDC was so mad. 
 Here you go. 
 See it? I made it. It was hilarious. 
 Oh, come on. It was all in good fun. 
 You're kidding, right? Sheldon didn't apologize when he said my baby looked like Winston Churchill.
 He said it about my daughter. 
 I think it is about Sheldon. How many times has he made fun of Howard for being an engineer? Going to MIT? His magic? 
 Well, he should. It's stupid. Anyway, the point is, Sheldon shouldn't dish it out if he can't take it. 
 Yeah, well, I think the point is if Sheldon has a problem with Howard, Sheldon should take it up with him. 
 Now, if you'll excuse me, the prime minister of England needs her diaper changed.
 Hey, Bert, what are you dressed as?
 Hey, Stuart, what are you dressed as?
 Did you steal those from Halley's "let's pretend" box? 
 Oh, yeah. Now I see it. 
 Isn't he cute? He's gonna get a spoonful of sugar later. 
 What do you think you're doing?
 Really? Our bodies? Is that where we're going, Amy? 
 Can't believe Amy did that. 
 That was totally different. 
 That didn't hurt my feelings. 
 Really? You don't think I have an annoying high-pitched voice? 
 Mm-hmm. And you don't think I'm unnecessarily hurtful? 
 Wait, did you just walk into my house?
 Where is he? 
 Oh. 
 It's for Halley. 
 What do you want, Sheldon? 
 Well, Howard's wrong. I don't care if someone makes fun of me. 
 You think Amy's the first person to make fun of me for having a squeaky voice? Do you? 
 She's not. It's been happening my whole life. And-and she called me out for being mean? Well, I've had to be mean. It's hard to be taken seriously when you're always the smallest person in the room. 
 I know that. I was in high school when I was nine years old. I tried to tell the other kids that although my physical stature was small, my intellectual stature towered over them. That only seemed to make things worse. 
 The kids called me Bernadette the marionette. 
 No, it's not. 
 That's terrible. One time my brothers made me breathe helium. I tried to call for help, but the only one who could hear me was the dog. 
 I guess we both had to put up with a lot of crap from people. 
 Maybe we are. 
 Sheldon. 
 Fine. Sorry. 
 Hey, Howie, can you give me a hand? I need to get some work done, and the kids are climbing all over me. 
 You sure?
 Thanks.
 Funny. 
 Sorry, I haven't had a second to myself. So let me just go back inside, finish my report, brush my teeth, change out of my pajamas, make a sandwich, and then I'll come out here and laugh at your joke. 
 Oh. Bad news, Howie. I'm gonna be stuck at work for a while. Oh, that's terrible. Hang in there. I'll be home as soon as I can. Ah... He deserves better. 
 Uh-huh.
 Yeah, sure. You slept with your husband. 
 It's not a big thing. Have you ever told Leonard a little white lie?
 That could be any of them.
 I've been telling Howie that I've had to work late the past couple nights, but really, I've just been hiding out in Howie's playhouse. Does that make me awful?
 It's just that work's been crazy, and the minute I get home, I have two kids hanging on me, and sometimes I don't want babies pulling my hair and pinching my belly fat. 
 I love my kids, but that hour to myself just makes me feel human again. 
 Yeah!
 Cheers. Turn that off. Are you trying to get us caught?
 So where does Leonard think you are?
 Ooh. Who wants an Easy-Bake quesadilla? 
 Shh. 
 We're just gonna have to wait till they go back inside. 
 Shh, I'm trying. 
 What's going on, Raj?
 And my dad has grown to really... like Howard. 
 Hey! 
 Hi. 
 I'll tell you one thing. Lock the door. 
 Screeching lotus?
 Yeah, what if you're great and she's bad? 
  You can do that but you still can't get my bra off. 
 What you playing?
 Like Hunger Games?
 Sounds fun. Can I play?
 Hey, I'm a gamer. I play Candy Crush, Bejeweled, and Sesame Street Letter School, which I beat our daughter at every single time.
 Just put me in, I'll figure it out.
 Wait, that's it? That wasn't fun at all.
 Hang on.
 Please, if I were Howard, I'd be doing this. You know what? He's not wrong.
  In a minute. I want to show Howard I can play this game.
 I can, but I want to rub his nose in this. Ugh, damn it, why can't I hit anybody?
 Lots of luck-- it's way harder than it looks.
 Hey, Denise. Is Stuart here?
 Oh, is he okay?
 Which brings up an interesting question. You and Stuart. Why?
 I was hoping Stuart could show me how to play Fortnite.
 Really, you good?
 So you'll coach me?
 You got eyes-- what do you think?
 Which one's X?
 Take it easy, I'm new at this.
 You don't have to be snarky.
 Damn, what is wrong with you?
 I do.
 Okay!
 Hey, guys.
 You, uh, playing that, what's it called again? Fortnow?
 Right. I guess I forgot because I only played it that one time and I was so bad at it.
 Would you mind if I gave it another shot?
 Give me. Where are you, Howard, where are you? Let me just build a little ramp, get some height.
 Did I? I'm just hitting buttons. Wee!
 You can try, but...
 Son of a bitch.
 No! Howard.
 I make more money than you.
 I see you. I see you... and boom. Gotcha! How's it feel, Penny?
 Wrong, it feels bad because you lost and I won. Whoo! What a rush!
 Hell yeah.
 Boom!
 Why Rocky IV?
 HI.
 Nothing.
 Is that a VCR?
 What's on the tape?
 Got it. What is porn?
 Put it back on. You look adorable.
 I didn't know you auditioned there.
 Don't you mean a lady? 
 Come on, you're a good magician. 
 You can be good at something dumb. You know what, you should audition now. 
 Sounds like you still want it. And I don't want our kids to see this tape one day and think their dad is a quitter. 
 Oh, I'm definitely showing it to them. 
 Your magic tricks from the garage. Your wands, your top hat with the stuffed mouse inside. I never had a stuffed mouse. 
 Okay, do not wear this hat. 
 Because I think The Great Howdini deserves to be a member of the Magic Castle. 
 Have you? Look, I know you still want this, and I can help you. All those pageants I did as a kid-- I could teach you how to present yourself, connect with the judges, sabotage the competition. 
 Of course not. Little girls in ball gowns trip, it happens. Trust me, I'm gonna be the pageant mom to you that my mom was to me. 
 More talk like that and you're not getting any dinner. Amazing how it all comes back.
 Howard and I have been working really hard on his audition, so it'll be helpful to get another set of eyes on it. 
 All right. Don't be afraid to be brutally honest. Like my mom used to say when I was doing pageants, "Tears only make your eyes sparkle brighter."
 Howie, you ready?
 I now present The Great Howdini. 
 It already started. 
 Are you getting sick? 
 Just your nose? Consider yourself lucky. Hey, I'm gonna take tomorrow off so we can spend the whole day running the act.
 But what? 
 Hey, I didn't raise a quitter.
 Look, I get that you're scared, but we just have to push past that.
 Why didn't you say something earlier?
 Hey, this isn't about me. I just wanted you to have your dream, and I wanted to control everything about how you looked and acted so that your victory was mine.
 I respect that, and I'm glad that I helped lead you to this moment. 
 Really? She asked you to move in with her?
 Was she mad?
 You'll find someone new.
 You can't look at it. That's spying.
 Ooh, let me see.
 Maybe she doesn't have tip money?
 I got the flag! I'm gonna make a run for it. Cover me!
 Ow!
 I can't believe you shot me!
 Right in the chest.
 Yeah, a big one.
 A little. Want to kiss it and make it better?
 Get out!
 This is so great. Why don't we do it more often?
 Yeah, so impressive how you manage to bounce back after having no babies.
 Oh, we didn't order this.
 Really? So all that work's for Leonard?
 Yeah.
 Leonard was just saying how he was hoping to have dinner with one of your ex-boyfriends on his expensive boat.
 Did she?
 Howie, shh.
 You can't bad-mouth Anu. They're gonna get back together, and you're gonna look like a jerk. I mean, remember when we broke up, and Penny said all those mean things about you?
 I don't want to get into it. Some of it was hurtful, most of it was true.
 No one's gonna lie to you. Lie.
 Well, I can see how he'd be flattered to be asked.
 So Leonard's really considering this?
 Well, there is a deep-seated biological drive to pass on your genes. It's only natural.
 But viewing him as your husband, he stinks.
 Howie, stop. I don't want to brag.
 Really? No one's gonna ask?
 The drug I've been working on for the past five years just got approved by the FDA.
 No, we had to rebrand that as a solvent for mining equipment.
 It's not, but that's a really funny story which I'm legally prevented from telling you.
 Yep, three years of testing and no reported side effects.
 Eh.
 Yeah, well, I'm happy for you, because I want you to head up my sales team.
 Nope. The job's all yours.
 We can chat about it all you want, but you're doing it.
 That's a yes.
 Thank you. It is exciting. Oh, that's very sweet. I'm gonna remember you said that. Just like I remember how you tried to take my office when I was on maternity leave. Of course I'm not angry. Bye-bye. How can I be angry at a dead man?
 Sure. What's up?
 Do you want me to call her? I could rip her a new one.
 I respect that. That's what makes you a good employee.
 It's just such a bummer.
 You sure you don't want me to call her?
 Yeah, come on in.
 Close the door.
 Have a seat.
 You really do. So, I talked to your supervisor, and she said that she never stopped you from working on my team, because you never asked her.
 Why don't you want to work with me? I know I can be tough, but that's just because I'm surrounded by useless idiots.
 Then why?
 And?
 What happened to the money?
 Then you be really mean to them. Have I taught you nothing? Penny, everybody feels like you do. Like they're not good enough, not smart enough.
 Of course.
 Hey, did they not teach knocking at Stanford? Get out! I love that kid.
 I can't believe Penny doesn't want to head up my sales team.
 Do you hear how dumb you sound?
 Because I believe in her, and I make people better. It's what I do.
 It's no fun if they want to. That's just called watching. Look at Howard. He was a disaster when I met him. Now he's a foxy astronaut with a hot wife.
 He thinks that, too. That's how good I am.
 Raj. Why do you think you stopped wearing Crocs and socks?
 Yes, you did. All on your own. That's how good I am.
 Long enough for two of your neighbors to ask if I was lost and looking for my mother.
 That's okay. I'm sorry. It was wrong of me to badger you into doing something that made you uncomfortable.
 Mm, it's probably for the best. I need someone who's strong and confident to head up my sales team, so I'm giving it to Karen.
 I'm just saying. She went to college. She's really smart.
 Why are you getting so upset? I'm agreeing with you. This is a big job, and I need someone who's up to it.
 I know. And that's why I don't want to pressure you into doing something that you clearly don't want to do.
 Is it working?
 So I'll see you Monday morning?
 I bet I can make that girl president.
 That was really impressive.
 Okay, that tone doesn't work with me.
 Ooh, it's freezing out here.
 No, I want to get in the hot tub before I lose a toe. Oh. That is bright!
 Huh.
 No. I don't want to take my robe off under a spotlight. This is a candle body.
 Oh. Hello. Nice to meet you. You know, your new balcony kind of looks right over our fence.
 So, can you turn your lights off?
 What are we gonna do about this?
 Our neighbor built a balcony that looks right into our backyard, and we're trying to see if there's anything we can do about it.
 We just want a little privacy in our backyard.
 Oh, no. We were hoping you could check.
 So we just fill out the form and that's it?
 Now we have to go back tomorrow.
 Sheldon, if you like this stuff, why don't you come and do it with us?
 Hey, where's Raj?
 Watch what happens when you move.
 Oh, I don't know.
 Uh, yeah, my dad built this. We didn't do the whole permit thing.
 You showered in our house?
 Howie, someone's here to see you.
 Aw.
 So the good guys win?
 Uh, all right, fine. So the morally compromised guys win.
 Do you think he knows we're the ones that got him in trouble?
 I do. I met his wife. She seems really nice.
 No, we do not!
 Well, it is important for you two to keep the spark alive.
 Oh, so a guys' weekend?
 Wait, you invited Stuart before me?
 Why didn't you invite me?
 What are you talking about? I love doing crazy stuff like that.
 Lots of people do.
 So you don't want me to go?
 So excited.
 He did say that, but here I am. So what does he know?
 I love going fast, unlike Grandma here, poking along at 70 miles an hour. Am I right?
 I'm a thrill-seeker, too. I've had to pull back since I became a mom, but I'll still jump on the back of a grocery cart and just roll through the meat section.
 Please, I'm, 90 like, pounds. I'm weightless every time I hold more than three balloons.
 There are a lot of pages here. Is this a waiver or a screenplay you've been working on?
 It says, "Or death." Which is awesome.
 Yeah. Hang on a second.
 I have two babies at home. What am I doing?
 To prove to Howard that he doesn't know me as well as he thinks he does.
 Unless I do it and then he doesn't.
 You're right. I should be honest. You owe me $3000 for those plane tickets to India!
 Actually, one second. Howie, I don't think I should do this.
 Just-- We have kids, and it's not smart to put us both in danger.
 See? I just think I shouldn't go.
 Stay out of it, flyboy!
 Oh. Great. 
 Well, if you really know me, then you know how far I'll go to prove a point.
 I hate this so much! Why am I doing this?!
 Oh, right. Worth it.
 Oh, my God. You guys are still here?
 It's 12
 Are you aware that Dave's in the break room crying?
 You're gonna do great.
 Of course; they're scared of you, you're scared of me-- The system works. Okay, Howie, I'm going.
 Thanks. Remember, I'm leaving you with two babies. I expect to see two babies when I get back, and they better be the same two babies because I'll know.
 Don't call it babysitting; they're your children. It's called parenting.
 You don't get paid. Now, the emergency contacts are on the fridge and I left money for food on the table.
 I know you do. Quick question, where are the kids right now?
 They're at daycare.
 They're upstairs!
 And it won't burn a hole in your wallet, either!
 See? You're doing great.
 Oh, don't waste your time. His name is Danny. He works for one of the other drug companies.
 Aw, we don't see you as competition.
 Speaking of Altoids, why don't you go get one?
 I don't know what it is about that guy, but he just gets on my nerves.
 Wow, we got a pretty good crowd here.
 Yeah, that's Chantix. Ray Liotta's signing autographs until 2
 That's a "you" rule, not a "me" rule.
 Hey, Howie, everything okay?
 Uh, bottom left drawer. Are you guys grilling?
 Why do you need tongs?
 Hey, beat it. Shoo. So what did he want?
 No one likes a tattletale, Karen. So, what's up, traitor?
 I can't believe you took his business card.
 Hand it back to him and tell him to stick it where the sun don't shine.
 Serious as the hepatitis their cholesterol medication gave thousands of people.
 Maybe. You're not really considering this, are you?
 Please, he's just using you to get to me.
 Don't be so naive. They're our number one competitor. They have a rival drug coming out with a name I wish we thought of-- Forsootha. It's got "soothe" right in it. How did we miss that?
 You only have this job because I gave it to you. You know who else was begging you to head up their sales team? Nobody.
 I can't believe this is how you thank me.
 What am I supposed to do with pears? Have a pear party? 
 Danny, you rat bastard.
 That's not an offer. Do you know how amazing this girl is?
 Stay out of this. I'm serious.. Not only is she a helluva salesperson, she's the hardest worker I've ever seen.
 Well, then you're gonna have to do a lot better than this, because I promise you, I'm not gonna let her go without a fight.
 What napkin?
 Oh, my God. You guys are still here?
 It's 12
 Are you aware that Dave's in the break room crying?
 You're gonna do great.
 Of course; they're scared of you, you're scared of me-- The system works. Okay, Howie, I'm going.
 Thanks. Remember, I'm leaving you with two babies. I expect to see two babies when I get back, and they better be the same two babies because I'll know.
 Don't call it babysitting; they're your children. It's called parenting.
 You don't get paid. Now, the emergency contacts are on the fridge and I left money for food on the table.
 I know you do. Quick question, where are the kids right now?
 They're at daycare.
 They're upstairs!
 And it won't burn a hole in your wallet, either!
 See? You're doing great.
 Oh, don't waste your time. His name is Danny. He works for one of the other drug companies.
 Aw, we don't see you as competition.
 Speaking of Altoids, why don't you go get one?
 I don't know what it is about that guy, but he just gets on my nerves.
 Wow, we got a pretty good crowd here.
 Yeah, that's Chantix. Ray Liotta's signing autographs until 2
 That's a "you" rule, not a "me" rule.
 Hey, Howie, everything okay?
 Uh, bottom left drawer. Are you guys grilling?
 Why do you need tongs?
 Hey, beat it. Shoo. So what did he want?
 No one likes a tattletale, Karen. So, what's up, traitor?
 I can't believe you took his business card.
 Hand it back to him and tell him to stick it where the sun don't shine.
 Serious as the hepatitis their cholesterol medication gave thousands of people.
 Maybe. You're not really considering this, are you?
 Please, he's just using you to get to me.
 Don't be so naive. They're our number one competitor. They have a rival drug coming out with a name I wish we thought of-- Forsootha. It's got "soothe" right in it. How did we miss that?
 You only have this job because I gave it to you. You know who else was begging you to head up their sales team? Nobody.
 I can't believe this is how you thank me.
 What am I supposed to do with pears? Have a pear party? 
 Danny, you rat bastard.
 That's not an offer. Do you know how amazing this girl is?
 Stay out of this. I'm serious.. Not only is she a helluva salesperson, she's the hardest worker I've ever seen.
 Well, then you're gonna have to do a lot better than this, because I promise you, I'm not gonna let her go without a fight.
 What napkin?
 Why does she even want to have scientists on?
 Nope. I've been trying to get them down for hours. Apparently, Halley's afraid of the dark now and I can't turn on the night-light because it makes Michael cry.
 Jot that down, we can ask him as soon as he learns to speak. We can also find out what's so damn funny about birds.
 I don't know why she's suddenly so afraid of everything.
 Hey.
 I drew it.
 It's supposed to be an astronaut.
 Halley was scared and Howard told her the sweetest story about when he was in space and I thought I could turn it into a book for her and Michael.
 Really? That'd be amazing.
 What do you usually draw?
 Hi. I got you a surprise.
 I heard you tell Halley that story the other night, and I thought it was so sweet that Stuart and I turned it into a book.
 And the best part is, Stuart showed it to a publisher friend of his, and they're interested in it.
 Why?
 I think if you were in space without a shirt on, you'd die.
 When did you get pecs?
 Howie, what I liked about the other story was that it was real. I mean, nothing in this actually happened to you.
 But the real story was so sweet. The little astronaut was afraid, but he still went to space, and that's what made him brave.
 I get that. I guess it would just take a really brave man to put an embarrassing story like that out into the world, just so it might help some frightened children not feel so alone.
 I'm just a wife that is so proud of her husband, and doesn't think that he has anything to be embarrassed about.
 Howie.
 Hey, what you got there?
 We were. The kids got sleepy.
 Howard, why do you look all guilty? Like when I catch you deleting your browser history?
 Are you still a jackass?
 I can't believe you were sneaking around my back like a child.
 No, you just didn't want to get caught.
 Emasculating? You were about to ride bitch on a moped with another man.
 What if you fell? What if you got hurt? I don't want to raise two small children and one large vegetable.
 You do. You have a wife and two children who need their father.
 Uh, well, you don't act like it. Why do you want to ride that stupid thing anyway?
 What freedom? You lived with your mother. You had a curfew.
 You know what? I'm done talking about this. Do whatever you want.
 I just want you to ask yourself if that tiny, ridiculous scooter is the hill you want to die on.
 Raj said you got $800.
 Oh, that's nice. What does she do?
 Oh, no.
 Aw.
 Mm, I'm kind of hungry now.
 3-D. If I'm gonna see Thor, I want to feel like I could lick those abs.
 Yeah, Leonard. What would make you happy?
 At least he didn't talk about how much he cried during that movie.
 Hold on a second. Do you two know each other?
 Do you still want me to ask the one you gave me? Because it kind of feels like we're past that.
 "Caltech astrophysicist claims Loch Ness Monster is real." 
 I know all about your tall girl website. It goes on our credit card.
 I don't know. If someone's a cheater, they should be held accountable no matter how long ago it was.
 To that, I say kaboom!
 I'm just saying, Sheldon and Amy deserve to win, and sometimes that means doing what you got to do.
 Yeah, and instead of guns, armies should carry candy canes that shoot wishes.
 I'm not gonna tell you that.
 Right, because yours is gonna be as bad as mine. Okay.
 Okay, fine. When we first met, there was another waitress at The Cheesecake Factory who thought you were cute, so I told her you had all the hepatitises, A through Z.
 Well, if she was smart enough to know that, she wouldn't still be working at a Cheesecake Factory.
 Why does it matter?
 Why? Because she's tall?
 Hey.
 Okay.
 Howie.
 The restaurant manager already called. You really creeped a lot of people out.
 Well, you're off to a good start.
 Oh, that's for company.
 When does Anu come back from London?
 Is Stuart home?
 That's whose handwriting that is.
 She has slept over every night this week.
 So she's staying in London? What does that mean for your relationship?
 Wait, so you're gonna ask her to marry you?
 I thought he was.
 You already have a ring?
 Howie.
 Yeah.
 With a woman who doesn't care about big romantic movie moments.
 You can't really think this is a good idea.
 Go stop him. Get your best friend back.
 We don't have time for this! Go!
 Oh, please. We have two little kids. We've been up for an hour.
 Okay, well, call us when you hear.
 Not unless you cooked. Why is this article about Sheldon all about you?
 Why does it say that you're his best friend? Leonard's his best friend.
 When did he get into a scrape? 
 Please, that doesn't make you his best friend.
 That's Penny.
 I can't tell you how many times Dr. Fowler was gonna give up and I would say to her, "Amy, as your best friend, I'm not gonna let you quit."
 This is a good one.
 Now, Michael, Mommy and Daddy are going away for a couple days, so if you're gonna say your first words, you got to do it now or wait till we get back.
 Oh, I'm so proud! It was her, right?
 I guess. I just hope we don't miss Michael's first words.
 You realize it's been years since we've got away just the two of us.
 Yeah. We're gonna sleep our asses off.
 Why? You pregnant?
 Please. I've seen you drink in the shower.
 Sometimes you're just... ech.
 Help me!
 Help me!
 Yeah?
 Fine. Why?
 I'm on my second Jack Reacher. I'm doing great.
 Why are you trying to freak me out?
 Howard, the kids are okay. 
 I just know. A mother knows.
 Let's see. This is not the woman you want to annoy.
 What's going on?
 That's fantastic! Why didn't you tell me?
 But I'm her best friend.
 Oh, yeah.
 Hi, Stuart, just checking in. Seeing if everything's okay.
 Where was Halley hiding?
 Okay, so, everyone's happy and healthy?
 What's that mean?
 What happened?
 Michael had a fever?
 She fell down the stairs?!
 Oh, Stuart!

