 What's wrong with your car?
 Why?
 What are you talking about? No one's paying attention to you.
 I just want to pop in and make sure Ma's okay.
 He was, but now that her cast is off, he moved out. And honestly, I'm kind of glad. It was getting a little weird.
 I don't know, they're, chummy.
 No, not like us. Creepy chummy, like you and your dog.
 I mean, he calls her Debbie, she calls him Stewie and they're all giggly around each other. And believe me, when food goes in that mouth, it does not come out.
 First of all, no one can replace me as a son. I'm her little matzo ball. And secondly, my mother is well past having any kind of sex life.
 I said well past it.
 Ma, I hope you're decent. Raj is here. You just started seeing naked women again, and I don't want you to be confused about where the boobs should be.
 Uh, what are you doing here? I thought you moved out.
 It's not that precious.
 Or in her neck. Listen. You staying here seems like something she would've talked to me about.
 It's weird, right? A grown man in his thirties living with my mother.
 Come on, you don't think it's a little odd?
 Who cares? You wouldn't care if I slept with your mom?
 This is stupid. I'm just gonna call my mother and be honest with her.
 Now, I never thought I'd say this, but I'm kind of excited to see Sheldon.
 She did?
 What do you want?
 You're right, I'm not. I think it's weird.
 It is. He's a grown man. He's just gonna live there rent-free? How is that gonna motivate him to get off his butt and get a job? I mean, do you even have a plan?
 Your mother and I? You're not my father.
 Well, I didn't say I was your father.
 Well, it's my house, it's my rules.
 Don't talk to her like that. That is my mother. Wife. My wife. I said my wife.
 Yeah, in my house.
 Hey.
 What a sick use of science.
 Yes, but when they're hungry-hungry, you can stop them with marbles.
 So, Penny, when's the new job start?
 Why is it your last name and her first name?
 And you love the sound of your own voice.
 Did you send everyone to the principal's office already?
 Hey, what if I took your class?
 I'm thinking about getting my doctorate, and he wants to teach. Why not?
 Sheldon, I'm more than smart enough to take your class.
 Yes.
 I would guess a wave-function and then vary its parameters until I found the lowest energy solution.
 I'd use Feynman's trick, differentiate under the integral sign.
 Since every interpretation gives exactly the same answer to every measurement, they are all equally correct. However, I know you believe in the Many Worlds Interpretation, so I'll say that. Now do you think I'm smart enough?
 Oh, come on. You might've gone to school for a couple more years than me, but guess what, engineers are just as smart as physicists.
 No.
 Hey.
 Before we do, I just talked to Leonard. And if you're gonna spend all your time trying to belittle me by making this class unnecessarily hard, then I'm out. But if you're interested in making a sincere effort to be a good teacher, then I'm willing to give this a shot.
 Okay.
 I am.
 It's an inverted cycloid.
 That's where I'm a little fuzzy.
 All I do is win, win, win no matter what.
 Everybody hands go up, up and they stay there!
 If you're gonna be a crappy teacher, then I'm gonna be a crappy student. Uh, uh, Ludacris going in on the verse. 'cause I never been defeated and I won't stop now…
 Okay.
 Making a straw.
 So I can shoot you with a spitball.
 Is that gonna be on the test? Because I don't think I can do that again.
 You reported me to human resources?
 Well, I dropped your class, so I hope you're happy.
 I'm smart enough, Sheldon. Asking me a bunch of questions about a topic I'm not familiar with doesn't prove anything. I could do the same to you.
 Okay. You enjoy making fun of engineering so much, how do you quantify the strength of materials?
 Yeah. Okay, how do you prevent eddy currents in a transformer?
 That was a hard one. All right. How does the flow rate in a pipe depend on its diameter? You don't know, do you? What's the matter, smart guy? Don't know Poiseuille's law?
 Okay, this one is for a Cadbury Creme Egg.
 Which Archimedean solid has 20 regular triangular faces, 30 square faces, 12 pentagonal faces, 60 vertices and 120 edges?
 The Rhombicosidodecahedron. 
 Because we were awkward and weird and couldn't play sports!
 So, how does this game work? I just throw it, like a real ball?
 All right.
 What's that about?
 The Angels wanted an astronaut to throw out the first pitch, so guess who they called?
 Well, a lot of people who weren't available, but then me.
 All right, here we go.
 Cut it out. You're hurting my feelings.
 Hey, even professional pitchers need a rubdown after the game.
 For your information, I also gave Leonard one hell of a high five.
 They're doing Space Day and NASA asked me. I felt like I couldn't say no.
 Thank you, that would be great.
 What's wrong with the way I run?
 Well, I was going to, but the day of tryouts I found my dad's Playboy collection. Threw my arm out.
 Great. You take this and say when to stop. How much further?
 How about now?
 Are you saying stop and we're just too far away to hear you?
 Are you kidding me?!
 There's no way this is sixty feet.
 You realize this isn't one of those times I want you to exaggerate how long something is.
 That's your help? That's like saying here's how you fly a plane, get in the airplane, know where you want to go and fly it.
 That was a close one.
 Heads up! Watch out!
 Hey, Mike. Listen, NASA asked me to throw out the first pitch at an Angels game. You got any advice?
 Why shouldn't I do it?
 But it's for a good cause. What about all the kids that'll be there?
 Well, maybe I'll do a good job.
 Okay, thanks for the pep talk.
 Thanks. I'm proud of me, too.
 Let's do it.
 Wish me luck.
 Thank you. Thank you.
 I have a message for the young people here today. When I was asked to throw the first pitch, a little voice in my head said I couldn't do it. So, I practiced and practiced, and you know what? That little voice was right, but then I remembered that I'm not an athlete. I'm a scientist. So, today's first pitch will be delivered to home plate by science. Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, I present to you a working prototype of the Mars Rover. And here's the wind-up, and the pitch.
 Because I'm an idiot who didn't think this through.
 Okay, while we're waiting for the ball to arrive, here's some fun facts about Mars.
 Okay, booing isn't gonna make it go any faster.
 What? You're afraid of both dinosaurs and chickens.
 Hey.
 Since when do you read social science?
 I don't want to talk about it.
 My mom got him cable. In my whole life, growing up in that house, no cable. Do you know how many HBOs that leech had my mother get him? Seven. Seven HBOs. Seven.
 Yep, I wish Stuart would reopen. I hate this place, too.
 Yes, I am. You know, I can't even watch Game of Thrones now without thinking of mother saying, Stuart, which one is Thrones?
 All I know is, he's got my mother buying four-ply toilet paper. I mean, four-ply. If his butt is so delicate, why doesn't he just use an angora rabbit?
 That does sound fun.
 You know, when I was a kid, I loved going there, but I could never get a ride.
 Toy stores, puppet shows.
 We'll get to see all the new stuff before it hits the shelves.
 You say things like that all the time.
 Yeah.
 Hey, what difference does it make? You're the one she wants to marry.
 Yeah, and I'm not sure that complete honesty is always the best thing for a relationship.
 He's right.
 Mm. So, me and the guys were talking about this great investment opportunity.
 But you didn't hear what it was.
 Oh, come on.
 It's to help reopen the comic book store.
 Well, hear me out.
 I know, but all the guys are doing it. We're splitting it four ways, so it's really not that much money.
 I get that. I, okay, look, the real reason this is important is, before my dad left me and my mom, he used to take me to the comic book store. It was one of the few things we did together.
 Well, I don't like to talk about it.
 That's how much buying a comic book store means to me.
 Well, I don't need a reason, it's my house.
 I'm always welcome.
 What?
 Excuse me. Ma, you are cancelling that cheque, and Stuart is not your bubala, I'm your bubala. You can't have more than one bubala.
 With comfy seats.
 Probably because we left the diagram of it in the restaurant, and none of us wanted to walk back.
 No one wants to hear it.
 Getting Penny to go back out with him after she dumped him.
 And a few weeks ago, he almost did a pull-up.
 You admit Amy's a distraction?
 It wouldn't kill us to get together and brainstorm ideas.
 My cousin has a cabin out in the woods.
 Hey. I didn't think you'd make it.
 Well, 'cause you have a steady girlfriend now, and we assumed you'd have to stay home to lower the food down to her in the pit.
 Here we go.
 Oh. I never saw that.
 Okay. No. Leonard's right. We're here to focus. Didn't we used to have a list of all our ideas?
 Mm, that was mine.
 Also mine.
 There's just some things you don't do with your robot girlfriend.
 No, it vibrates. Keep going.
 We got to watch Back to the Future II.
 Hold on. Pause. Something doesn't make sense. Look, in 2015, Biff steals the sports almanac and takes the time machine back to 1955, to give it to his younger self. But as soon as he does that, he changes the future, so the 2015 he returns to would be a different 2015, not the 2015 that Marty and Doc were in.
 What?
 Oh, that stuff is so good wrapped around cocktail weenies.
 Or if we could figure out a way to supercool the materials, we could utilize quantum coupling.
 Oh, I can't argue with him. It's right there on the screen. Austria does look like a wiener.
 Like behavior modification?
 We could snap a rubber band on our wrists every time we get sidetracked.
 That's ridiculous. Sheldon, I vote that is not a tangent.
 Hey.
 Negative reinforcement is really wrong?
 Jump ahead to the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man.
 Ghostbusters!
 How does it feel knowing your fiancée's job is to go out and flirt with doctors, looking like that, while you sit here, you know, looking like this?
If they get scared, they'll have those hats with the lights on them, because down there it's night-night all the time.
 Oh, of course. What did you guys want to talk about?
 I didn't think they were going to. I just wanted to have a way to say no without hurting Leonard's feelings.
 So what did you want to know?
 You didn't have to say so much more.
 I brought a lot of significant assets into the relationship, too.
 For your information, I just bought the last one I needed on eBay.
 There were only three minutes left in the auction and it was a mint condition Scotty from a smoke-free home.
 Not a lot.
 Let's not talk about this in front of our friends.
 For the tenth time, that was a Groupon.
 Talk about wasted money. What about the late fees on our credit card because somebody didn't pay the bill on time?
 Oh, you're saying I don't do anything around here. Look at my chore chart.
 Do the dishes. There's a star right there.
 That pan had to soak and you know it.
 It's not an allowance. It's a stipend, and we said we weren't gonna call it an allowance in front of my friends.
 Why are you being so bossy?
 I'm not a baby. I'm a grown man, and I made the bed. Now where's my star?
 It's okay.
 I want that, too.
 Ooh, laser tag, laser tag.
 How'd you get that?
 Wow, he really went where no man has gone before.
 Wow.
 Ooh.
 We know.
 A gallant man would defend his fiancée for being called a urethra.
 Oh, come on. It's a replica.
 Oh, I think I just cheated on my wife.
 Still lives with his ma. Yikes, right?
 Stick your head in there and find out.
 It's sad how some guys can't cut the apron strings.
 Yes.
 Yeah, that was very uncool. Get the hammer. Get the hammer.
 Oh, yeah, she loves that place. Every time they flip a shrimp in the air, she practically leaps out of her seat to catch it. That's why I don't take her to SeaWorld.
 That's fine. I don't care.
 They're not dating. They're just two friends who went out to dinner.
 Hey, lots of people wear matching pajamas who aren't dating.
 Like you and your dog.
 Fine, it bothers me. You happy?
 How is this helpful?
 Hey.
 She and Amy are out dress shopping for their prom thing.
 Bernie's really excited. I could tell because her voice got so high, the beagle next door started howling.
 Yep.
 You know exactly who it is. He's gonna bring my mom. Why did you even invite him?
 I didn't take her, she was a chaperone.
 What was I gonna do? They were playing our song. I can't take this anymore.
 Stuart, we have to talk. This thing with you and my mom, I hate it. It's making me crazy. You and I were friends for years, and now you're bringing my mother to a party I'm going to? What the hell?
 Oh, so now you're cheating on my mother?
 Do you like her because you both have red hair?
 Oh, my God.
 That's Jeanie.
 Don't say it.
 She is my second cousin. We were 15, I just said, don't say it.
 Raj.
 So, my mother's okay with this?
 Because they have a weird, inappropriate relationship.
 Why would you even come to this? Didn't you know I'd be here?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Not until he stops humping his way up my family tree.
 Damn, can you imagine being married to someone for 40 years?
 So I found this fencing school in Burbank that has a Jedi class. And if you're cool being the only adults there, they said they are.
 What?
 Oh, my God, I, I'm sorry. I mean, if you're not up to it, we don't have to go out, we can just hang here.
 You sure you're okay?
 You don't look okay.
 Knock, knock.
 Told you, not funny.
 So, how you doing?
 Why? Your father barely speaks to your mother.
 As you can see, we're here to cheer you up.
 What are you talking about? We're fine. And Raj's parents probably split up because of Raj.
 They always say the children aren't to blame, but, come on.
 How can I convince you it won't?
 I'm not answering that. It's a trap.
 And here I am in the trap. You just keep talking. I'm gonna chew my leg off.
 Okay. The truth is, sometimes, you're too beautiful.
 Okay, okay. I really don't like how your wings poke me when we sleep 'cause you're an angel.
 I just don't think the secret to a happy marriage is going out of our way to criticize each other. Although, there are ways to improve our communication. One thing I learned when I was in couples therapy was…
 Not important.
 Not important.
 Anyway, the therapist had us tell each other what we loved about one another.
 All right.
 Thank you. And I love that you're strong and independent.
 I love that I'm kind of a slob around here, and you're okay with that.
 See, I am. Isn't this great?
 I love that you're too good to pee in the kitchen sink.
 And I love how your hair is always on the soap. It's like washing myself with a hamster.
 We're just saying all the things we love about each other.
 Doesn't Professor Abbott's family want any of this stuff?
 Makes you think. Oh, well.
 I did. It's all outdated or disproved.
 Oh, my dad used to have a pen like that. I dated it all through sixth grade.
 Don't feel bad. Someday someone will be throwing out your work, too.
 That's intense.
 Roger Abbott sounds just like Roger Rabbit.
 Sing Hakuna Matata like an eight-year-old girl?
 Mmm. It's just columns of random numbers. Toss it.
 Well, there's no discernible pattern that I can see, but it shouldn't be too hard to run the numbers and check.
 Sure. We could try multiple regressions with varying physical and experimental constants.
 Ooh, it might be a substitution cipher. We could start with basic cryptanalysis.
 Oh, let's do that.
 Yeah, I'm not even sure if it's the right word.
 Are we sure this is the place?
 We were cleaning out his office and found these books full of numbers.
 Seriously?
 I guess the sad truth is, not everyone will accomplish something great. Some of us may just have to find meaning in the little moments that make up life.
 Yeah for you, not for me. I went to space. I'm covered.
 I love that.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, she works at a law firm in New York.
 I agree.
 We should get going to Amy's.
 I know. If we were still single, we'd be tripping over all that booty.
 How the hell did a pigeon get in here?
 I thought you did.
 You mean 'cause this room isn't supposed to have dust in it, and we just let in a flying crap machine?
 And tell them that we compromised all the equipment? Let's just get it out of here before anyone knows.
 Well, what if we turn off all the lights except for one, and it'll come to it.
 Don't yell at me. You're not gonna get any good ideas out of me if you're yelling.
 Great, we're turning on each other. That's just what the bird wants us to do.
 Okay, here's the plan. I'm gonna put the food in the bag, and when he lands in the bag to eat it, we close it up.
 It's all I could find. It'll work.
 Okay, well, what's your plan?
 And admit that we contaminated the clean room?
 Why do you keep assuming it was me?
 Like when?
 Again, it looked like my car, and the baby didn't even cry until his mother punched me with her keys.
 Well, what if you said it without sounding so condescending?
 You know what I think your problem is? You're jealous because you and I used to be best friends until Koothrappali came along.
 Stay out of this.
 You know, maybe I'm best friends with Raj because he doesn't think he's smarter than me.
 I said, stay out of it.
 Well, if you're so smart, you get the bird out.
 How do you know it wasn't Leonard?
 Are you sure a dummy like me can handle something as complicated as a blanket?
 Yeah, I do.
 Okay. One, two, three.
 On three. One, two, three.
 It was an accident. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
 Uh, maybe it's just stunned.
 Oh, no. I killed it. Oh, not again.
 When I was ten, I was playing in my backyard and sat on a blue jay. I mean, I tried to bring it back to life with electricity, but it just caught on fire. The worst part was it smelled delicious.
 Great. Do it.
 No. I need to do it. This is on me.
 I am tasting a lot of Slim Jim.
 Oh, he blinked his eyes. He's alive.
 I might argue a Hanukkah miracle, but I'll take it. Come on, little guy, let's get you outside. Get the curtain.
 You were right. Go ahead, call Building Services. Tell them it was my fault.
 Can't do what?
 We can't do that.
 Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way. Oh, what fun it is to ride in a one-horse open sleigh, hey.
 It smelled too much like blue jay.
 Will you please relax?
 Nine years ago he was part of a team that launched a spacecraft to collect data about Pluto, and it's finally close enough, so this morning it turned itself on.
 Now we get to see him flip out because he's worried it was demolished by space ice.
 I know. I get it. When I was in the Soyuz capsule returning from the space station, plummeting toward Earth at 17,000 miles per hour…
 A story can do two things.
 You work in pharmaceuticals, don't you have anything you can give him?
 Maybe you need to do something more productive.
 So, in addition to being crazy, you're resting the fate of the mission on your athletic prowess.
 The man who crashed his stationary bike.
 You happy? Now you can relax.
 I'm happy to. I think getting out of the apartment will do you good. So, where we headed?
 Buddy, trust me, you don't want to convert to Judaism. I mean, I know I make it look cool, but it's not all briskets and dreidels.
 Oh. Okay. It's not like Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, right? Some bald guy with horns isn't gonna rip my heart out.
 You love that movie.
 I'm surprised to see you suddenly get religious.
 Well, because I've known you for ten years and you've never gone to temple, you never talked about believing in God, and last Diwali I watched you eat two pounds of sacred cow at a Brazilian steak house.
 Yeah, but you're a scientist.
 So, as a scientist, you believe the way to understand the universe is through facts and evidence, and now you're counting on some blue chick with a hundred arms to help you?
 No. There's also Apu from The Simpsons.
 Well, of course he believed in God. he slept with Marilyn Monroe.
 You believe in your religion, I'll believe in mine.
 Here we go, my first Hindu temple.
 Huh. I always thought it was mini golf.
 Yeah. Just, uh, is there anything I should know before I go in?
 Like am I dressed okay?
 I know you're under a lot of pressure, so I'm gonna let that pass.
 That's nice.
 Raj.
 Raj, you just got a text. The probe turned on. It's fine.
 I invented a game. You want to play?
 It's called Emily or Cinnamon. I give you actual quotes I've heard Raj say, and you guess if he was talking to his girlfriend or his dog.
 Okay, who was he talking to, Emily or Cinnamon? I want you to know, the bed feels so lonely when you're not in it.
 Okay, Emily or Cinnamon? Check it out, I got us matching sweaters.
 What do you mean?
 Hold on. What's in it for us?
 Okay, we'll do it.
 Let's see. How about Emily or Cinnamon?
 Oh, maybe I am. Who wouldn't want to be the girl, or possibly dog, to hear the words you're so lucky, you have the shiniest hair.
 Well, I don't think that's gonna help at all.
 Yes, we can.
 Nah.
 Okay, so it's one vote Emily, one vote Cinnamon. Penny, you're the tiebreaker.
 It's just so perfect that we're both Libras.
 Yes.
 That was the last one, I promise. We won't play any more.
 I don't know, he's not really hurting anybody.
 Hmm, it would. Okay, back to Emily or Cinnamon? How can such a little girl eat such a big steak?
 You look like you got some rest.
 Yeah, no problem.
 Well, um, we were just kidding around.
 Hey, your paper got mentioned on the Quantum Diaries physics blog.
 Uh, it's basically a summary of the theory, but there's a bunch of positive comments on the message board.
 How are you today, Mr. Can-You-Believe-These-Jack-Asses?
 It wasn't that bad.
 What are you doing?
 This wee li'l bairn of a theory nearly blew my kilt off.
 Yes.
 Yeah. Dr. Dmitri Plancovik of Moscow University said dis paper great, I love it more than wodka.
 Well, I think the anonymity makes everyone feel like they can say things they'd never say to your face.
 How do you do, Mr. I'll-Admit-That's-Pretty-Cool?
 Okay, Ma. Say hi to Aunt Gladys. Yeah, I love you, too. Bye.
 Mmm, she loves it. She finally found a place where everyone talks about how sweaty they are. Anyway, she wants us to go to the house and check in on Stuart because he might be lonely.
 Well, I'm her son, how come she doesn't send someone to check on me if I'm lonely?
 Yeah, well, sometimes you work late.
 That would be great. I'd love for things between me and Mom to get back to normal.
 You really did a nice job.
 I appreciate that, and I'm glad you were able to… is that my mother's furniture?
 Not as great as it looks in the den where it belongs.
 Why don't you just clean out the whole room? Take the string art clown I made her in third grade and the ribbon I got in swim class for putting my face in the water.
 Well, I'm her son, and I say it's not okay.
 Well, maybe I should've gone to a fancy art school like you. Then I could run a failed comic shop and mooch off some guy's mother.
 Your store? My mother gave you the money to reopen. I'm not going anywhere.
 It's my mom's furniture. It belongs in the house I grew up in, next to that pile of TV Guides and in plain view of what, for a ten-year-old, was a quality piece of string art.
 That is a good point. But I didn't marry you for good points. I married you to blindly support me no matter how ridiculous I'm being.
 I'm sorry, but it's making me crazy.
 Hold that thought. Hello?
 No.
 My mom died.
 Uh, that was my aunt. Ma took a nap. She never woke up.
 I don't know.
 No, it's okay. What?
 Are you kidding me? You lost my mother's ashes?
 All right, fine. Where did you misroute the only woman who ever loved me? The first, well, first, I meant first.
 I really did mean first.
 The world's greatest mom is in the shoe compartment.
 So, some stranger has my mom? Is that what you're telling me? My poor mother can be anywhere in Los Angeles right now?
 Oh, okay, great. So, your entire job is to find lost luggage, and you've narrowed down the location of my mother to the planet Earth.
 No, I'm not leaving without her.
 I could've driven her.
 The day she left for Florida. She asked me to drive her to the airport. I was too busy. And I made her take a cab. I was too busy.
 Oh, thank God. It's okay, she's here. Ma's here.
 Ma? I'm sorry I didn't take you to the airport. I just want you to know that I'll never forgive myself for being so selfish. And I promise to keep you close for the rest of my life.
 How are the taxes going?
 Those are business expenses. You can write those off.
 Oh, Bernie, you're gonna have to sound a lot more confident when we get audited. Hey, what's up?
 Just playing video games while Bernie does the taxes.
 She doesn't have to, I filled up on jelly beans.
 What's wrong?
 So?
 Why were you looking in it?
 Okay, calm down. There's probably something jammed behind it. Just, uh, pull it out and see what's there.
 You know what, you sound busy, I'm gonna let you go.
 Raj was snooping through Emily's drawers and broke one.
 Okay, let me see the damage.
 Well, I think you broke the dowels. You're not gonna have time to glue it back on, you'll have to nail it.
 Does she have any pillows or wine glasses?
 Great. Neither of those. Try a hammer.
 It's fine. You just need two more nails.
 In Emily's eyes.
 We should hang up.
 But we're not going to, are we?
 What happened to snooping is wrong?
 Thanks for helping us sort through all my mom's stuff.
 Well, it's hard. A lot of Ma's stuff brings back fond memories.
 Yes. It reminds me of us eating out and her saying quick, nobody's looking, fill your pockets with ketchup.
 Stuart, we're here.
 Yeah, well, I tried putting him out on the curb, but nobody took him.
 Wait, when did it go out?
 Oh, my God.
 It's all defrosting.
 It's not just food. This is the last food my mother ever made. This is her last brisket. This is her last meatloaf. This is her last. I have no idea what this is, but it's the last one.
 No. All Ma's food is gonna be ruined.
 I'll tell you exactly what we're gonna do. We're gonna eat it.
 All you said was I had to get rid of things. You didn't say they couldn't pass through my colon first.
 Okay. Then how about this? Let's invite everyone over to dinner. It'll be like Ma's feeding us one last time.
 Oh, man. This is the boutonniere from my high school prom. A piece of cake from my Bar Mitzvah.
 No. If I find my foreskin, I'm gonna kill myself.
 No, that's noodle kugel.
 Ma always kept it on hand, in case I got sick. She thought she could cure anything with her cooking. Even the time I got food poisoning. From her cooking.
 Yeah, I'm okay. Let's get started.
 I'm never gonna talk to her again.
 No. I want to do this.
 Okay.
 Hey, guys.
 I just want everyone to know, uh, tonight's not a sad occasion.
 Good food, good friends, and sometime around midnight, heartburn that makes you pray for death.
 That's not true. We've got tomatoes right here.
 Certainly a lot more women are reading comic books now.
 I wonder if only a baby who is worthy can suckle at the bosom of Thor.
 Well, I guess, as an engineer, I lean towards execution. I spend my days trying to take ideas and make them real.
 You guys ever notice sometimes Bernadette sounds like my mom?
 It's why my people wandered the desert for 40 years. Took that long to walk it off.
 Yay.
 Yay.
 All right, Amy's in charge of pricing and being 75.
 Excuse me. Why is there a sticker on this? It's my TARDIS from Doctor Who. I was planning on moving it in the house.
 Come on, one day, this may double in value and be worth half what I paid for it.
 Well, I guess as long as you're keeping an open mind.
 We're still figuring how much remodeling we want to do.
 We're not selling it, it's mine.
 That's not fair. It's like me challenging you to a sexy pants contest.
 I would do that.
 Yes, but I mostly used it as a battlefield in an ongoing war between the Transformers and the ThunderCats for control of a bra I had found in the woods.
 That's not fair, she has upper body muscles.
 That's right, okay, Raj can play for me.
 So it's settled. The fate of Doctor Who's TARDIS will be decided by a Game of Thrones inspired death-match on the battlefield of ThunderCats versus Transformers.
 Come on, Raj. You are the King Kong of Ping-Pong. You are the menace of table tennis. Put her away, 'cause I don't have a third one. Yes. Woo.
 Yeah, what?
 Don't listen to her. You and I go way back, we're like brothers.
 This is ridiculous. I want a new champion. Amy, were you serious about being able to serve?
 She's my champion.
 You know, I thought our friendship meant more to you.
 Okay, this is the match that decides it all. First to 11 wins. Serve switches every five points. And just so you know, when this started, I was going to put the TARDIS in a discreet corner of the house, but I've since turned mean, and now it's going right in the middle of the living room on a rotating platform with a sign that says suck it. Game on.
 One-zero. Two. Three. Four. Five-nothing. Wait, did you play badminton or sad-minton?
 Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten-five.
 It was, and now the serve is back to you, and the game is over.
 Don't listen to her, just hit the ball.
 No, I'm not.
 No, I'm not. Settle this. Those little animated pictures on the Internet, are they called gifs or jifs?
 I'm sorry, do you mean the guy or the juy?
 Something happened different from the way you wanted it.
 Yeah, I bet you anything it's just 'cause you're a pain in the ass.
 Great, it's all done. The lawyer tracked down my father and got him to sign it over. I didn't have to meet him, I didn't have to talk to him, I don't even know where he is.
 Nope.
 Hey, I grew up in this house, okay? No one's knocking anything down.
 Can I help you?
 Yes.
 Wuh, uh, who's your father?
 Sam Wolowitz is my father.
 Well, wait, so if we have the same father, are, are you saying you're my half-brother?
 Bernadette, weird things are happening out here.
 You know what, I'm being a bad host. Let me get some more coffee.
 No, I got it.
 Not really. This guy shows up out of the blue, and now I have a brother? My father has another family?
 I don't know. I, I'd just like him to go away. I can't deal with this.
 Thank you. Come on. And I'd like to point out, this wall just provided a lot of privacy.
 Hey, hey, the young man asked a good question.
 I'm surprised you could hear me with this Thin Mint in your ear. Yeah, pretty cool, huh?
 Well, I hope I get to see you again.
 Hey, I threw out the first pitch at an Angels game.
 That's not what she meant.
 It was actually just a mechanical hand.
 You are my brother.
 Sure.
 Yeah. Well, I like music, I like science, I like making fun of Sheldon. Hit it.
 Hey.
 Good for you.
 Yeah, absolutely. You need a device capable of delivering information across a wide range of perceptual modalities.
 Ooh, how about a 3-D tactile communicator rigged for cross-sensory transposition?
 I am making molecular cocktails. This sphere is actually a cosmopolitan.
 Oh, just put it in your mouth and pop it like a zit.
 First take a picture with me.
 Well, Raj and I always talked about learning how to make cocktails like this together, so I taught myself and I'm putting this on Instagram so he can see it and feel like a turd. Say cheese.
 You betcha. The very one.
 I know. That's why I'm spending tonight with you.
 With my honeybunch.
 No. He is. So I have a dominant personality. We all know that.
 In social groupings, I just naturally wind up in charge.
 You don't think I'm a leader?
 Right. I couldn't change if I wanted to.
 All by myself.
 Exactly what Sheldon and Howard said.
 Hang on. Not that your song isn't terrible, it is. but how do you mention bats and leave out sonar?
 Hello.
 Well, well, well, did you hear that, Sheldon?
 I suppose it couldn't have been easy for you to say that.
 Sure.
 Building on what Sheldon said, I could go for Chinese.
 I saw the menu. They have soy cheese.
 The plaque they sent up on the Pioneer probe had a drawing of a naked man and woman on it.
 You want to send a passive-aggressive message out into the universe? That's ridiculous.
 It's not always.
 He was dressed as Princess Leia. It made a nice picture.
 You know what? You're right. I should have asked you.
 Okay, and if we're talking about being left out of things, you guys went to Skywalker Ranch without us.
 I'll figure it out.
 Nice. Where were you when I was single?
 Why would he own a T-shirt cannon?
 Okay, the WiFi extender is on, the camera's on, they're both on the same network. We should be getting an image.
 Maybe we should recalibrate it.
 Step one, rapidly flip the calibration switch from the fully up to the fully down positions for at least ten times.
 Yeah.
 Sheldon.
 Just flip the switch until the lights on the drone change to solid yellow.
 Now I rotate it horizontally on its centre axis until the lights turn green.
 It means the calibration failed. We have to start over.
 No red and yellow, no red and yellow.
 It's green.
 Okay, now all I have to do is rotate it vertically until the lights turn off.
 Oh. All right, playtime's over. Let's open this baby up.
 Sheldon, I have a master's degree in engineering. I wipe my bottom with warranties. Except for AppleCare. That pays for itself in the long run.
 Boy, oh, boy, that's a lot of pieces.
 Yes, of course.
 Well, I, how familiar are you with miniaturized integrated logic circuits?
 That right there is a miniaturized integrated logic circuit.
 I'm an MIT-trained engineer. I've built components for the space station.
 It worked fine, it just wasn't designed for Russian cosmonauts and their potato-based diet.
 Hey.
 Relax, it'll be fine.
 Calm down.
 Okay, I think I've narrowed it down to a faulty pin on the onboard communication chip.
 One toy at a time.
 Suicide.
 Thank you.
 It's not about the money. It's about solving a problem. It's why I became an engineer. It's what I like to do, it's what I'm trained to do. It's who I am.
 Hey.
 There's two kinds of people in this world, those who call tech support, and those who make fun of the people who call tech support.
 Ha-ha.
 All right, the power supply is reconnected. I think we're back in business. Let's just run a few tests before we take it outside. Sheldon, we got WiFi?
 GPS?
 Battery charged?
 All right. All systems go. In five…
 Four, three, two, one.
 Give me the number. Probably wind up talking to some foreign guy who's reading from the same manual I have.
 What happened to me? When did I become an old man baffled by modern technology? Next thing you know, I'll be hitching my pants up to my armpits and complaining about the awful music the kids are listening to.
 Hang on, hang on. It's working. I did it.
 No idea, but I did it.
 Well, I'm not flying it.
 I don't know. Must be getting a WiFi signal from somewhere else.
 Hey.
 I mean, for a while, everything was vampires. Now it's all zombies. I wonder what the next monster fad will be.
 Kiss-ass.
 Sorry we have to do this.
 She doesn't baby me.
 For your information, I twisted my ankle chasing the ice cream truck.
 You're right. It's time for me to act like an adult in this marriage. Starting with my husbandly duty of taking out the trash. Bernie, I made a mess.
 That was a big sticky mess, but I think I got it.
 Yes, I cleaned it up all by myself. Honestly, I don't know why you complain so… okay, maybe I missed one spot. Just leave.
 It's the hard-knock life for us, it's the hard-knock life for us. ‘Stead of treated, we get tricked, ‘stead of kisses, we get kicked, it's the hard-knock life. Got no folks to speak of so it's the hard-knock row we hoe, cotton blankets ‘stead of wool, empty bellies ‘stead of full, it's a hard-knock life.
 One more time?
 Like, a random person or somebody she knew?
 Well, if it's her father's grave and they didn't get along, then you know she holds a grudge.
 Right. You're gonna break up with a girl who has sex with you. Can you believe this guy?
 How are you saying that with a straight face?
 Buddy, other than Jenny Craig, you've never broken up with a girl in your life.
 That's not the same thing. Emily's a person. Stuart's more like an infestation, something you spray for.
 You mean the one that makes ladies do the thing that ladies pretend they don't do even though they do?
 I didn't touch it. Must have been Stuart.
 We should have done it months ago.
 Yeah, right. Sick. He didn't have jaundice. He just looks like that.
 Agreed. When he gets home, I'm dropping the hammer.
 Oh, I'm not taking charge, you're the hammer.
 Bernie, Stuart just pulled up. So remember, the key is to be firm. Show no weakness.
 Good luck.
 Never should have told you my middle name.
 Hey, you got a minute?
 It's hard not to. They taste so much better than real berries.
 His middle name is David. Go.
 You need to take that?
 Happy birthday to you.

