 Maybe to you. You didn't get a $500 traffic ticket.
 Hey, if thinking secret government agents are chasing you makes you a lunatic, then, yeah, okay.
 I have performance anxiety. You of all people should know that.
 Raj, who's at the door?
 That's great, now they know where I live.
 Yeah. I would not have done that for you.
 All right, all right.
 Yes, hello. Uh, this is Howard Wolowitz for Colonel Richard Williams.
 Hi, Colonel Williams, how can I help you? What? Oh, uh, yes, he is from India. No, I don't know his immigration status. Relax, I'm still on hold. Speaking. Okay, sure, I can meet with you on Thursday. Caltech is fine. Yeah, and may I ask what this is about? I may not?
 Why wouldn't that colonel say what the meeting's about? It has to be bad news.
 That's really stupid advice.
 Calm down, try not to think about it.
 Why do I bother talking to you?
 I don't know. They take the invention away, and I get nothing?
 What's the point of that story?
 At least she's yelling at someone else for a change.
 All right, we got a problem.
 The Air Force contacted me about our quantum gyroscope. They want to have a meeting.
 And if that happens, we'll never be able to sell it commercially.
 I was counting on that money. I need to make as much as my wife so I don't have to try so hard in bed.
 Oh, yeah. How do you think I stay this thin?
 Sheldon, we could be contributing to a weapons system that oppresses mankind for the next thousand years.
 You know, maybe before our meeting we should talk to a lawyer.
 Why? Because I'm Jewish? That's like me saying, hey, you're Indian, doesn't your cousin work in a call centre?
 And my cousin's a lawyer.
 Give me a second to call my cousin.
 First of all, he's in Boca Raton, which is better than Fort Lauderdale. But more importantly, he lasted two days on Jeopardy, so he's clearly a smart guy.
 Hey, Marty. Thanks for talking to us.
 Well, I married a little Catholic girl, so we're even. Anyway, this is Leonard and Sheldon. The three of us came up with the guidance system.
 And this is my friend, Raj.
 Anyway, like I said in the e-mail, this meeting's on Thursday. Do you have any advice for us?
 Marty, let me call you back.
 No.
 Hello.
 It's a group effort, but I guess if we had to pick a main brain, it would be me.
 Really? You're a physicist?
 Oh. Well, hey, me, too.
 Well, thanks, but you should know we're a little concerned about this being used in weapons.
 I'm not even sure that's possible.
 Four months?
 Well, maybe. I don't know. We'll have to work 12 hours a day, seven days a week.
 I love your French toast.
 We didn't. Sheldon did.
 No, but mostly, there was an awkward pause, and I broke it by saying okay.
 Would you stop? We're just gonna be on the other side of campus.
 You are a deeply silly man.
 Maybe that's because it's classified.
 I guess this is it.
 Let's find out.
 Oh, oh, oh, oh, guys, hold me upside down.
 Yay.
 It's pretty late. You think I've got time to run some more simulations on the cooling system?
 What?
 Hey, hey, hey, you're not going anywhere.
 Well, wake up, we're gonna put in a lot of late nights.
 Well, I don't know, midnight, one.
 If you're tired, have some coffee.
 I am having coffee.
 Sorry I have to work all weekend.
 Thanks again for breakfast.
 Why is it taking him so long to get a drink out of a vending machine?
 You wanted him awake.
 Maybe we should break for lunch. What time is it?
 Why don't you just go home?
 You can't develop a problem that fast.
 Well, this probably won't work, but has anyone ever tried to just haul off and whup the crazy out of him?
 No worries.
 That was painful to watch.
 No.
 When the baby gets here, you gotta teach me that.
 We've hit a bit of a snag. We're already behind schedule.
 We, we're thinking, two years.
 That's it? You're okay with that?
 Yes, thank you so much.
 Wanna see a movie?
 Cool. Because she says you're doing a great job as weird friend who doesn't have to be at every appointment.
 Yeah, we could name him Blobert.
 Bloberta. Or Blobbi with an I.
 Yeah, I was just thinking the same thing.
 Mm.
 So you know the sex of our baby, and we don't?
 It's unbelievable.
 I don't know. Maybe the surprise will make it more fun. Like magic tricks. Remember how disappointed you were when I explained the never-ending hanky?
 But how delightful was it when I pulled out a bouquet at the end of those scarves? It'll be the same thing when the doctor pulls a beautiful surprise out of you.
 But you didn't listen, and presto change-o, my baby's inside you. Ta-da.
 Screw it. I'm calling and finding out.
 But you just said you wanted to know.
 Call you back.
 Okay, you're positive you want to know?
 Okay. Here we go. It's ringing.
 Wrong number.
 As soon as I get home. We're hoping to make it before dark.
 Well, she wants us to spend more time together before the baby comes.
 Well, he wants us to spend more time together before the baby comes.
 Honey, how ya feeling? The book says at this stage of the pregnancy morning sickness should be going away. So that's good news, right?
 There she is. Who's ready for a hot, three-hour car ride to the desert?
 I'm sorry. We don't have to go.
 How about we stay here? We don't even have to tell anyone. It'll be like a secret vacation at home.
 Does it sound sexy?
 You bet I did.
 You know what's weird? How turned on you are right now.
 Well, pulling a quarter out of your ear isn't the only magic these hands can do. In fact, what's this between your toes?
 It sounded like it. Oh, my God. Someone's in the house.
 We should call the police.
 Damn, so did I.
 What are we gonna do, e-mail 911?
 You know I rely on humour in times of stress.
 Is that the hot tub?
 Well, the answer is both more and less disturbing than you think.
 Stuart. He heard me talking about us going away. I guess he decided to invite himself over?
 Maybe. How about, hey, you look like a boiled chicken breast?
 Nah, that's not gonna hurt his feelings.
 Maybe this is why people get fish tanks. Who just turned the porch lights on?
 Well, clearly, I lied.
 He's in our hot tub drinking our wine.
 Those jets are for my secret spot, not his.
 It's called relaxing, and that's all you need to know.
 You jackasses just bought yourselves a hot tub!
 That's a kick. That's an actual kick.
 I felt a kick. There's a baby in there.
 Oh, I mean, I know you're pregnant. I just never connected the idea of pregnancy and you actually having a baby.
 Oh, God, we are not ready to have an infant in this house. We don't have a crib, we don't have diapers, we're not baby-proofed. Anyone can just walk in off the street and lift our toilet lids!
 Do we? Look at you. Willy Wonka would roll you to the juicing room.
 Are we even in a good school…? Ow!
 Hi.
 Oh, we went and did a little shopping for the baby.
 You're gonna love it.
 Okay, well, I may have gone a bit overboard, but you can't put a price on safety.
 But it's the safest crib you can buy. And if you don't like it, we can return it.
 In our new minivan. Hey, what's for lunch?
 It's for the baby, and I didn't buy it. The dealer loaned it to me for a 24-hour test drive.
 The guy at the dealership said they're not just for moms anymore.
 It's got a rearview camera, there's a DVD player, oh, and check this out. It's like we're living in the future.
 Imagine this, you've got the baby in one hand, groceries in the other, and you're thinking, how am I gonna open this trunk?
 You don't need my help when you can open the trunk with a simple kick of the foot.
 Uh, maybe it was more of a circle?
 Yes.
 See? Easy. And look at all this cargo space. Now we'll get the crib out and you can take it for a test-drive. I'm telling you, this van is gonna be… uuh-uuh, uuh-uuh.
 Oh, yeah, oh, anyway, let's just get in and see if the GPS can take us to the nearest emergency room.
 Aaaaah. What was I thinking? Wolowitzes are not a lifting people. We tip the lifting people.
 You're gonna feel terrible when I'm in a wheelchair. Which, by the way, would fit easily in the back of this award-winning minivan.
 You're right. It sells itself.
 If childbirth is half this bad, you are so screwed. Are we there yet?
 Why is it taking so long?
 I'm in too much pain to watch cartoo… oh, this is a good one.
 For joy and fun there's no better manner than to fly a pennant flag or banner.
 Fun with flags, fun with flags.
 Oh say can you see, it's fun with flags.
 Fun with flags.
 Oh, right.
 Aw, you think you have an audience, that's funny.
 I'm serious, JPL's actually developing a robot arm that could grab an asteroid before it hits us.
 Oh. Well, just out of curiosity, what registers as odd to you?
 You heard him, guys, don't ask.
 And how single are you right now?
 Don't do that, you've got gold here. Hang onto it until you're in trouble and then throw it in her face.
 So you wouldn't want to have anything on Penny?
 So, if I actually know something right now, and I do, you don't want me to tell you?
 I'll take that as a yes. She's secretly been moving your collectibles into storage a little at a time and you haven't noticed.
 See, I've known that for weeks, but, you know, I waited till the moment when it would cause him the most pain.
 It just came up because we, we were talking about secrets and… wait, juH qachHom Dotlh Sov ‘Iv (Who knows the status of Amy's apartment?)
 You're up, blabby.
 You know, if he moves across the hall for good, Leonard could keep the stuff you don't like in Sheldon's old room. Solves everything.
 Okay, last question. The chaps he was wearing, assless?
 This isn't complicated. Do you love Amy?
 Huh, they screwed up and gave us steamed broccoli.
 No, she's right. As long as I've known you, you've always been self-conscious about your cleavage.
 Oh, did you meet her at work?
 So, when do we meet her?
 Hey! I saw your car… Oh, sorry. Am I interrupting?
 Hi. Howard Wolowitz.
 Oh, yeah, the astronomer. Raj told us about you. Hey, free toilet paper.
 I can keep this, right?
 Sorry, just passing through. I think this fell off your cart.
 Damn, the MacArthur Genius Grant.
 Ah.
 And he doesn't have to use it for research, he can do whatever he wants with it.
 Here he comes.
 Do you?
 That's amazing.
 You busy? There's somebody out here who wants to meet you.
 Say hello to everybody's little friend, remote control Stephen Hawking.
 I found him in an old box.
 I didn't buy it. I made it.
 What's the big deal?
 No, it's not. Check it out, he says fun stuff.
 His eyes also light up in the dark.
 Okay, Raj, I'm gonna show you something. Now, one of us thinks it's offensive, the other thinks it's hilarious and a great idea. But, I'm not going to tell you who likes it.
 You're crazy. I've worked with Hawking. He's got a great sense of humour, and I think he'd like it.
 I have no problem calling him.
 Fine, I will.
 You laughed when that guy got hit in the nuts.
 I'm conducting a quick survey. Do you think this respectful and loving tribute to a great man is in poor taste?
 Do you think this is in poor taste?
 Yeah
 What do you think?
 All right, we're done. It's offensive.
 You're in a good mood.
 What is going on? Did you upgrade his software last night?
 And I think you're cute.
 This is very nice Stuart, thank you.
 Hang on, maybe it's not the worst idea. I mean, he did do a good job taking care of my mother.
 When would you move in?
 Yeah, let him do it.
 How did you know it wasn't me?
 That's Raj.
 It's like we have a butler. If I had a Batsuit I'd be Bruce Wayne.
 It's pajamas, there's no cape.
 That'd be great.
 Get Stuart or Raj to do it.
 Mm, I know. It's really making me lose respect for both of them.
 Fine. Who wants to drive me to the store?
 Hey, tomorrow who wants to paint the nursery?
 Guys, you heard her, go see what she wants.
 Oh, oh, okay, okay, uh, uh, uh, I can do this. We have a plan. Somebody please tell me the plan.
 I love you.
 Oh, man, this is really happening. You doin' okay?
 Stop that, this isn't India.
 Sorry. I know you were just trying to help. I love you.
 I'm the father.
 No idea. Ask him.
 No, we're keeping it a surprise.
 And talking like this doesn't make it less creepy.
 All right, enough with the camera.
 I'm sorry, who's gonna want to see this?
 We made it this far without knowing, and you've ruined it.
 Just try to relax, we'll be there any minute. Stuart, stop driving like an old man. Speed it up a little.
 Deep breaths, slow breaths.
 Uh, Stuart, while you're out there, don't come back.
 So, what are we gonna name this kid? Now that we know she's a girl, it kind of ruins my plan for Wally Wolowitz.
 Debbie? No. She hated that name.
 Melvina.
 Ah. It sucks that she's not here.
 Hm. She would've been the best grandma.
 Yeah. I was 20 years old before I figured out Tootsie Rolls weren't naturally warm.
 Thank God you answered right, we wouldn't be here today.
 Come on, Bernie, breathe. Remember what you learned in birthing class.
 Do you want me to get the nurse?
 She's here, the baby's here.
 Tired, but great. They're both great.
 We have named her Halley.
 Exactly. Also like the comet, Bernadette said she's not gonna have sex with me for another 75 years.
 I'm gonna get back. Thank you for staying up, I can't wait for Halley to meet her new aunts and uncles and godfather.
 Of course.
 Hey, guys.
 The baby's asleep, can we put her in your room?
 No. I got it. Doubtfire, Poppins, follow me.
 What did we miss?
 So what did you and Leonard do?
 What happened
 Hey, I found superhero baby wipes, the perfect way to clean up crime, and tushies.
 Hey, he got her to stop.
 What's the matter?
 Oh, good.
 I mean, it's Stuart. Maybe she's playing possum until he goes away.
 It has been hard to sleep with all the crying.
 She doesn't hate you, stop saying that.
 Shh, I don't hate you.
 Bernie?
 Great. And where are you?
 Oh. This is new.
 Well, I'd say that's thinking outside the box, but, come on.
 Do you need help getting out?
 Is it okay if I get some sleep?
 Good job, Mommy. I'm proud of you.
 Good night. I love both my girls.
 Not me, paternity leave.
 With pay, sucka. Forgot the baby, still new to this.
 All right, got Halley to sleep.
 Yeah, got to get her hooked on TV or someday she'll want me to play outside. Boy, that floor is so squeaky. I'm surprised I didn't wake her up walking out of the room.
 Well, i put the rug down. It didn't help.
 Did try nailing a couple of the boards down.
 Yeah, it left little holes in the floor, that's why I bought the rug.
 That sounds expensive.
 MIT's motto is mind and hand, which just so happens was also my motto as a lonely teenager.
 No.
 No.
 Is that supposed to be funny?
 Okay, this grid represents the room. All we need to do is plot out where each squeak is, and we can find a quiet path to the crib.
 Mm. Except the creature in the crib is a level-nine poop monster.
 Okay, space A3, here we go. It's squeaking. Mark it.
 Mm. I hope she has the same amount of sex in it I did. None. Next square.
 It's a tradition of my people. If I were a rich man, ya ba dibba dibba dibba dibba dibba dibba dum.
 So, what we did was map out the entire room to identify every squeak. Watch. It's easy, once you get the hang of it. Step. Step. Hop onto Ottoman.
 Then simply sit, spin, stand, stretch, maybe in looser pants, then step, grab, tiny pivot, pull, and you're there. Easy peasy, mac and… you get the idea.
 Bigger problems, I felt something pop.
 I thought things were going well. What happened?
 Sometimes people say things they don't mean.
 Because that's not what people do.
 You if it's at MIT, I can make some calls. Maybe we can get Sheldon a prototype.
 Sheldon, I just heard from the guys at MIT about that emotion reader. They're sending a prototype for you to beta test.
 Well, you don't need a machine for that, just send a survey card to all your ex-girlfriends and tell them if they fill it out they might win a prize.
 Yeah, I was joking.
 This thing's pretty cool. It interprets emotions using a wireless signal to analyse subtle changes in breathing and heart rate.
 The display is synced to your phone. Give it a try.
 Okay, remember, it can only detect happy, sad, angry and excited. Not other things you're feeling, like, what have I done with my life?
 Try another one.
 Oh, God. You went through with that? What is wrong with you?
 You're so stupid.
 No, he doesn't think it's stupid.
 Hey, you went out with him. I didn't.
 Like this one?
 Schmuck. Got it.
 Not a chance. So, you were telling us how Raj was terrible in bed.
 I thought you were great, but, oh, my God, you were so dominated by your parents.
 Sorry, is that Gary with one R or two?
 Oh, wow. Don't let him get away.
 Uh, basically, she traded you for Bruce Wayne.
 Wait, hang on. I just want to point out to everyone here, this is a man who is going to great lengths to better himself. Even at the risk of being humiliated. And I, for one, think that's very brave.
 Well, like you gals, I had to suffer through him to find Bernadette.
 Thanks, ladies, this was fun. Let's not wait so long for another bizarre, awkward night.
 Don't beat yourself up. That's what I'm here for.
 Yeah, the field was just here. The field said no.
 Okay, I'll tell you what. I'll make you a deal. 30 years from now, if you're still single and things don't work out with me and Bernadette, you and I can give it a go.
 Too late. Stuart called dibs.
 I don't know. What difference does it make?
 Those do look fun.
 If you didn't want me to eat it, why'd you put it out?
 I'm not gonna get fat.
 Fine. Look, I'll exercise right now. One, two. These are crunches, by the way.
 Okay. How about if I eat like this?
 Hey, is that any way to talk to your future husband?
 Please. When you see the ring I pick out, you're gonna melt.
 Okay, I'm zeroing out the electro-osmotic flow rate in the micro-fluidic channel.
 Well, my wife is four-foot-ten and sexually satisfied, so clearly I know my way around tiny things.
 Those are just the things I say out loud.
 What's wrong?
 Yeah. It doesn't need to be smaller.
 Sheldon, we don't need to make this smaller, and your work is done. Go home.
 I know. That's why I keep refilling his water when he's not looking.
 I don't care if we're in a drought, it's worth it.
 We can just lock the door, you don't have to kill him.
 It's so peaceful without him here. Can I ask you how much that cost?
 Great. We found a cooling solution that allowed us to get the size of the prototype down to the target specs.
 But we've already met the agreed upon specs. Going smaller would require weeks' worth of new computations.
 Okay, but that's just a theory. It's not even a complete thought.
 The kid with the two shirts screwed us again.
 I can't believe we have to ask Sheldon to come back and help us.
 I don't know, but if he yells It's alive, we run.
 How'd you even get that up the stairs?
 Open a window. It's about to get smug in here.
 He's worried about looking foolish. That's a heapin' helping of irony right there.
 All right. Hmm. Feel free to jump in. Hmm is all I got.
 Maybe we can find another theoretical physicist to help us.
 Hey, I came up with that and hmm. You haven't pitched anything.
 You really figured it out?
 Oh, you're a genius.
 That's right. We figured it out all by ourselves. Wasn't even that hard.
 It's a manifold.
 Told ya. Can you fix it for us?
 But if you really want to learn the mechanical side, I can teach you anything you want to know.
 And with all these new skills, you'd be able to fix any model train. You'd be the king of the train store.
 That's a turbo.
 Go. Come on, Raj.
 We're betting to see if Koothrappali can hold his breath longer than the disk can spin.
 Yeah, we're seeing if Raj can hold his breath longer than it.
 Yes, he is.
 Ha, you're interested. You're out ten bucks.
 Come on, Raj, it's like your favourite movie, you're just Waiting to Exhale. Yeah, I knew you could do it.
 And the car ride puts her to sleep.
 Oh, no, now we have two.
 Maybe your dad's right.
 You don't need your dad's money. You can get by on your salary.
 Well, how much do you spend on food?
 What, what are you doing? I, I, I schlepped the baby over, I brought imported beer. Why don't you like me?
 We are, that's why I'm sad my best friend's gonna be homeless.
 Wait. Why are we talking about our place when Sheldon's old room is sitting there perfectly empty?
 Oh. How's the dog gonna go to the bathroom?
 That's understandable.
 I thought your dad paid your cards.
 What if there's someone who just likes controlling other people and stealing joy from their lives?
 Oh, better luck next time, Pink Cheeks.
 You actually think Penny will have fun at Comic-Con?
 And hate all the crowds at the panels.
 Why don't you just tell her not to come?
 What if you make it sound so bad she won't want to go?
 Yeah, you're a grown man who's highly educated. You could charge people money to punch you.
 So?
 Mm-mm, how's my favourite girl?
 What you doing?
 Oh, she's sexy, she can cook. I'm such a lucky guy.
 No. I just walked in here, saw how beautiful you are and had to tell you.
 Ha ha ha, never gets old. Okay, there is something I want, but it's not a big deal.
 Well, Comic-Con tickets go on sale this Friday, and I was hoping I could go with the guys. But before you say anything, I'll make up for being gone by doing everything around here, I mean everything. I'm even gonna answer for you. Yes, Howard, you can go.
 Thank you.
 What? Why?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Kind of busy.
 Hey.
 They complete my ensemble. What do you want?
 Hang on. Bernie, can I outsource my chores to an Indian guy?
 I tried.
 There's got to be other ways you can make a quick buck.
 I know, I wish there was some way we could help him.
 Yeah, that's working out great for me.
 Dinner's almost ready. If you like meatloaf, I'm sure you'll like its cousin, bowl of meat.
 Sure. This is for you.
 There's more than enough in there to cover Comic-Con.
 You know what, I'm not gonna go either. I'm a father now. I'd rather spend time with my family.
 I'm gonna go check on dinner.
 Raj is looking for a cheap place to live, and I wrote India.
 Maybe you should be supportive of my hilarious jokes. Fine, what should we do?
 You want to let him live here?
 I know if the roles were reversed, he would do it for me.
 Well, we can make some space in the garage. Maybe put a cot out there, get him a space heater, maybe a hot plate.
 Let's hope he thinks so, too.
 Hey, uh, so we've been talking, and if you need a place to stay, we'd be happy to fix up the garage for you.
 I know it's not ideal, but you'd have plenty of space for your furniture, and there's this cool button that makes an entire wall go up and down.
 It is our pleasure. Hey, can you hold on one sec? Hello?
 Well, there's a sink out there, that takes care of half your problems.
 Yeah. We barely use it, so it'll be like it's yours.
 What?
 I don't know. Why are you asking all these questions?
 Great. Go live there.
 I just didn't want you to feel bad about it. Unless Leonard's apartment also has a raccoon that chews its way in on cold nights, go there.
 It was really no problem.
 Hey, look at that. You've got a Raj, we've got a Stuart. Maybe we should take them both to the park and let them run around together.
 He also never had sex in that room. That's something else to look forward to.
 What are you doing here?
 I'll say it again. India.
 Never should've had all these kids so close together.
 If you ever want to change things up, you're always welcome here.
 Unless it was singing Be Our Guest, I doubt it.
 I'm sorry, I spaced. Are we still talking about the spoon?
 Huh, so you can tell what that feels like. Interesting.
 Well, at least someone had the courage to say it.
 Nice. 174 diapers. That ought to get us to Wednesday.
 This one says that every time I go out. See? I listen to you.
 You sure you don't fit in? You sound like a catty bitch to me.
 You should be happy someone wants to do the stuff with Penny you don't want to.
 Wait. What? What do I make you do?
 It said right there on the invitation, buckle up for fun. It's not my fault you didn't listen.
 Uh, before we do, what are you wearing, oh, friend who we pretend is normal?
 Anyway, Sheldon, we're at a decision point to run the xenon stream through the cryo-cooler or through the vacuum filter.
 Well, if we run the xenon stream through the cryo-cooler, it'll be cooled immediately before it reacts with the conduction.
 You can just feel the time being saved.
 The rate of spinning for the central axis centrifuge has to be four revolutions per second.
 Seven? Look at the board, it's four.
 Four.
 Son of a bitch, it's five and a half.
 Hey, what's for dinner?
 Oh, cool.
 Oh, cool. Hey, I was thinking maybe we take Halley to the zoo this weekend, get in a little family time before you go back to work.
 Speaking of which, for day care, it'll be easy for me to drop her off, unless you want to do it.
 You okay?
 Well, I don't know, you seem a little upset.
 You sure?
 Hey.
 Look, something's going on with Bernadette. She say anything to you?
 Come on, be honest. Did you tell her I tried her breast pump?
 Well, I know she's mad at me about something.
 Oh, gosh, how much time do you have?
 Hmm, let's see. Mm. Okay, here we go, six years ago, I got a call that Bernie's great-aunt, Trixie, died.
 And I forgot to give her the message.
 The terrible part is, ever since then, I've been sending Bernie Christmas cards from Trixie.
 Let me finish, and one card had five dollars in it I took from Bernie's purse.
 Hey, how's it going?
 Good. Love you.
 Love you more.
 Sure, sorry.
 No, no, nothing. Okay, well, maybe I'm just feeling like something's bothering you.
 Prove it, make love to me right now on the kitchen floor.
 Aha, you are upset. I don't know a lot about women, but I know I upset them.
 It doesn't?
 Oh. Okay, well, I get that. It was hard for me when I went back.
 Of course. I missed you and the baby and being able to watch Ellen every day.
 Look, I don't know what the best decision is, either. But whatever we choose, if we're not happy, we can undo it.
 And the best part is Halley won't remember a thing. Babies are cute, but they're dumb. I mean, I go like this, she thinks I'm gone, then magically I'm back. I mean honestly, why are we saving for college?
Well, she gets it from me. Speaking of which, I have some news about your Aunt Trixie.
 Wondering how it all began?
 For information and entertainment.
 It's fun with flags, behind the flags, a retrospective. Flags.
 Should we get lunch or you want to eat at the zoo? Oh, Howie, I don't need food as long as I can look at my phone.
 You want to hear my Stuart? It's been a while since I've gone on a date. You mind if we watch the monkeys doing it?
 This is supposed to be our family fun day. What's so important on your phone?
 Stop looking at that. The day care's great. It's on campus. My office is two minutes away. There's nothing to worry about.
 She already likes soap bubbles more than us.
 They're highly-trained educators with background checks. They're even required to be current on all vaccinations.
 How about after this we go see the exotic bird show?
 Learning anything?
 Me I get, but that sloth is pretty cute.
 What are you making?
 Finally get Halley down?
 Look, if you're not ready to go back to work, we'll figure something out.
 I mean, why would you say that?
 I guess. It wasn't until college that I learned you can put a thermometer in your mouth.
 Have a great first day back.
 I told her if day care is anything like prison, find the biggest baby and knock him out.
 Great, now everybody's crying.
 That's good.
 She's great. Look.
 See? Nothing to worry about.
 Yeah, me, too. Love you.
 What are you doing here?
 I get it. I haven't even made it to my office yet.
 Probably. We should go.
 I'll get her, you grab her bag.
 It's Halley. Unless somebody else put an X on the bottom of their kid's foot.
 Guess who's home from the aquarium?
 She does look happy.
 We can't get through.
 Then use the shoot button, not the wonderful thing about Tiggers button.
 Okay, challenge them again.
 No wonder they beat us, they're jocks.
 Kids are always better at video games.
 Oh, so our love is not real?
 Now, this is rare. I don't know which one of you I want to stop talking first.
 Boy, it is neck and neck right now.
 All right, this is everything. What do you want to learn?
 Okay, well, how about, oh, I teach you some close-up magic.
 Hey, the circus arts are very physically and mentally demanding. Have you ever tried to juggle?
 And it's hard, isn't it? So the key is, the moment one ball is at the top of its arc, you toss the next one. Hmm?
 Uh, hold on. There's an old saying in juggling.
 No, it's if you want to have fun, start with one. Yours we think, but we do not say. All right, just toss it up and catch it a few times, get comfortable with it.
 No.
 So you told her she was being dumb?
 I don't know, maybe.
 Yes, but that's gonna be true of a lot of guys she works for.
 Again.
 You know what? I'm with Leonard, this isn't cool.
 I went to see your mom.
 I just told you, your mom's.
 Well, since you find my magic tricks so embarrassing, I got to wondering what cool hobbies you had as a kid.
 She didn't say much of anything. But she said a lot. Hi, Bernadette, remember me?
 I can't believe you made fun of me all these years while you were a closeted ventriloquist.
 Well, since you enjoyed getting rid of all my stuff, you know, maybe we should throw this little lady in the wood chipper.
 Which is?
 Tammy Jo St. Cloud. Oh, and I'm a dork for juggling.
 All right, very funny.
 That's enough, put her away.
 All right, you're freaking me out.
 Phase two, we test it, perfect it, and hope to live long enough to see the movie based on our lives starring more attractive versions of us.
 What the hell?
 But the movie did just get good.
 But why would you do that?
 This is all very upsetting.
 How can you work on something for a year and they just take it?
 Although, if anyone's gonna clean out your apartment and disappear, it'd be Penny.
 They wouldn't say.
 Give us some good news.
 Not really.
 No. Then you'll get all sexed up and I'm not in the mood. I mean, an entire year wasted.
 Oh. Yeah, yeah, we brought life into the world.
 I'm happy about it, but, I mean, it's not like I did much. I mean, after the first three minutes it was pretty much all you.
 Hey, wait up.
 You left something at home. A big hug.
 I found it right next to these kisses.
 I missed you.
 Ooh. Sounds serious. Have I been a bad boy? Am I gonna get a spanking because you know.
 Oh.
 I know and I'm sorry.
 Well, excuse me, but what did you do when you worked on that allergy drug for two years and the FDA shut down your project?
 Okay, and what did you do when they took you off the antifungal team?
 So?
 And now the movie just got rated R.
 How's Sheldon doing with Amy gone?
 If you'd like, we can help you out.
 I mean, not me, I've got a wife and child, but this one posts video of himself flossing on Instagram.
 A stranger just lured Sheldon away with a candy bar.
 Oh, yeah. Back before he hit puberty and grew man parts.
 Yeah. Like Bernadette used to look at me.
 Okay, the simplest explanation is usually the right one.
 That ain't Sheldon.
 It's unbelievable. Sheldon has lunch with another woman and somehow my wife yells at me.
 Guys. Focus. Should we do something about Nowitzki?
 She's not that kind of doctor.
 Great. Anybody's better than, mmm.
 We should call Guinness, that might be a record.
 Hi.
 You done trying to make yourself feel better?

