 I can’t believe we spent three months in that frozen hell.
 Dammit, I should have gone over and told her we were back.
 Great.
 Damn his Vulcan hearing.
 Okay, Sheldon, sit down.
 Yeah, we’ll keep that in mind, look, we need to talk to you about something that happened at the North Pole.
 And we agreed to never speak of it again.
 He’s speaking about it.
 Sheldon, you remember the first few weeks we were looking for magnetic monopoles and not finding anything and you were acting like an obnoxious, giant dictator?
 That’s why I added the tator. And then when we found our first positive data, you were so happy.
 Well, in actuality, what your equipment detected wasn’t so much evidence of paradigm-shifting monopoles as it was… static from the electric can opener we were turning on and off.
 We had to.
 Actually, it was his idea.
 Thanks. I call it the Clooney.
 If I may abruptly change the subject, did you and Penny finally… you know.
 Personally, I don’t care, but my genitals wanted me to ask.
 He says they didn’t do it.
 What are you doing?
 Red alert, Leonard. Sheldon ran away.
 Well, he’s not answering his phone, he handed in his resignation at the university and he sent me a text that said, I’m running away.
 Oh, right, and I do? My people already crossed a desert once, we’re done.
 Hello? I’m wearing a red turtleneck. Plus, it was the only boys’ large they had.
 This neighbourhood is more Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
 No, I want to blend in.
 Howdy, ma’am.
 Thank you kindly.
 If y’all don’t mind, I got a hankerin’ for a Lone Star beer.
 Sorry. I’ll take a diet Yoo-Hoo if you have it.
 Again.
 Sheldon, you’re wrong. Wolverine was not born with bone claws.
 Okay, first of all…
 What are you doing here?
 Okay, who had Leonard flames out with Penny in less than 24 hours”?
 You don’t have to, but it’s highly recommended.
 What’s there to learn? You get naked, do nasty things to each other, then somebody makes scrambled eggs and salami. Easy peasy.
 Okay, when you say “it wasn’t great, do you mean for both of you? Because we can totally see it not being great for her. Am I right?
 Ashamed? Horrified? Repulsed?
 Sex is never the way I dream it’s gonna be.
 You are the authority on just fine.
 Yeah, exactly. Not bad, but not great.
 Uh, no, no, no, don’t tell him, let’s see if he can figure it out.
 No, you’re misunderstanding. A shiksa goddess isn’t an actual goddess and we don’t pray to them, we prey on them.
 Sounds like a cricket.
 Oh, give me a frickin’ break. How could you possibly know that?
 Okay, you were right about Wolverine and bone claws, but you’re wrong about the cricket.
 No, no, not this time. I know insects, my friend, I spent many childhood years capturing them with nets, putting them in glass jars, sticking pins through them, mounting them on corrugated cardboard with Dymo labels underneath, identifying the genus and species. In Latin.
 Okay, okay, tell you what. I am willing to bet anything that’s an ordinary field cricket.
 What’s the matter, you chicken?
 Okay, I believe a chicken made you his bitch. But the cricket thing, I don’t buy. Bet me.
 I will put up my Fantastic Four number 48, first appearance of Silver Surfer against your Flash 123, the classic Flash of two worlds issue.
 Hmm.
 Shh!
 Shh! Elevator shaft.
 Are you crazy? We can’t go down an empty elevator shaft.
 Let’s open her up.
 Don’t push me, Sheldon. I may be small, but I took kung fu when I was 13, and I remember a good deal of it.
 All right, Sheldon, here we go, Kleingast’s Field Guide to North American Insects. Hey, Toby. Right here, see it? The common field cricket, aka Gryllus assimilis, which is Latin for suck it, you lose.
 That is not Toby, this is Toby. Raj, what do you think?
 Shiksa. Shik-sa.
 Yeah, fine, whatever. The point is, you’re wrong again.
 All right. Tell you what, let’s go down to the Entomology Department and let Professor Crawley tell us what kind of cricket Toby is.
 You’re such a girl. They’re just bugs.
 No, you don’t understand. We just want to ask you a question.
 Well, could you look at Toby?
 Yes!
 What’s going on, day dwellers?
 No. Raj and I are going a goth club in Hollywood to hang with the night people. Anybody want to come along?
 No, no. I’m going out like this.
 They’re called tattoo sleeves. Look. I bought them online, Raj got a set, too. Fantastic, right? Put them on, have hot sex with some freaky girl with her business pierced, take them off, and I can still be buried in a Jewish cemetery.
 Really?
 Okay, how about you two? Look, I’ve got some extra tat sleeves.
 Well, In case I snag one on someone’s nipple ring.
 Oh, is the missus speaking for the couple now?
 Yes, she’s pushy and yes, he’s whipped, but that’s not the expression. Come on, I want to stop at Walgreens and pick up some more eyeliner.
 It’d help if you weren’t drinking light beer.
 Hello, it looks like blood. Did you even read the Wiki How link I sent you on being goth?
 What?
 Just remember we are lost boys, children of the night.
 I’m actually much morelost than he is.
 Thanks. Can we buy you ladies a drink?
 I’m Howardrd.
 Nice to meet you, Bethany.
 Oh, you know, goth stuff. Goth magazines, goth music.
 Yeah, you know, the dark sciences.
 Oy vay.
 Does it? Okay, if you like space stuff, I design components for the international space station. Which is in space. Where, as I’m sure you know, no one can hear you scream.
 Really? How about that? I’ve been to the Gap.
 Okay.
 We are fun people.
 Did you bring the black condoms?
 Let’s go.
 Not particularly.
 Uh, yeah!
 She’s not going to see it. She takes my temperature orally now.
 Well, I can’t really decide between a screaming devil, this mean little skull or Kermit the Frog.
 You know. Hi ho, I’m on Howardrd’s butt!
 Yeah, I’d like the mean little skull, please.
 Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
 I know, but it was cold. Ow, ow, ow!
 What comes after the stencil?
 Aaaaaargh! Okay, that’s it, no needle, no pain, no tattoo.
 No, I haven’t, look. I’m sorry, I’m a fraud, he’s a fraud.
 Yeah, I think I covered that.
 We’re not goth, we’re just guys.
 Yes. And I wouldn’t blame you if you walked out of here and never wanted to see us again. Unless of course our bold honesty has suddenly made us attractive.
 What are you thinking? Maybe a big musical number?
 Okay, wait, how about this? We say there were four goth girls, the two girls in the club had two friends.
 What’s that got to do with the story?
 Fine, they smelled good.
 Whatever.
 No, no. Look, let me say my story all the way through, and then you can say yours, and then we’ll pick.
 Okay. We got tattoos, and then the four girls took us to their place.
 We say they’re in a very intimate area.
 Right, right, so we go back to their place, and then the six of us end up in a hot tub.
 True. Okay, forget the hot tub. The point is, we each have a ménage with sexy goth girls.
 Yeah. Hey, want to try a country bar tomorrow night.
 Could happen.
 Ooh, we’re honey now, are we?
 Celebrating Columbus Day.
 Yeah, I really wish I could, Penny, but every year my mother has all the relatives over and cooks up her famous tur-briska-fil.
 Turkey stuffed with a brisket stuffed with gefilte fish. It’s not as good as it sounds.
 Oh, he usually comes to my house. Right, pal? All right, this year, you don’t have to eat the tur-briska-fil. I don’t even chew it. I swallow it like pills.
 Well, the good news is, he has no problem with my mother’s tur-brka-fil.
 The bad news is, he says he’s getting deported.
 Penny, would you mind stepping outside so we can speak to him?
 Okay, she’s gone.
 So?
 Okay, guys, think, how do we keep Raj in the country?
 What are you asking me for? I don’t know if you can talk now or not.
 Hey, Raj, guess what. Professor Laughlin is looking for someone to join the stellar evolution research team.
 Come on, what are you waiting for? Call him and set up an interview.
 What do you mean you didn’t get the job? How could you not get it?
 I’m really going to miss you.
 Gee, that’s, like, a 17-hour flight. How about I meet you halfway?
 Tell you what, we’ll skype.
 Hello.
 Am I interrupting?
 Guess I should have called.
 Tonight’s the night I usually go line dancing with Raj at the palomino.
 But he’s working with Sheldon.
 Want me to leave?
 Okay, I guess I can hang for a little while. So what are we watching? Sex and the city.
 Fine, let’s watch it. Maybe all our periods will synchronize.
 Top o’ the mornin’o ya!
 Well, usually, on Sundays, I go with Raj to scam on hippie chicks at the farmers market, but he’s still working with Sheldon, so I thought I’d come over here and make you guys scrambled eggs and salami. It’s the perfect meal for apres l’amour.
 By the way, I couldn’t help overhearing your big finish. Bravo, Leonard.
 What do you guys think? Want to take in a matinee, maybe go rollerblading, catch a step class?
 Sure. ‘sup, homes?
 Oh. I get it, I’m the third wheel. Sorry, I should have seen that. I’ll get out of your way. Uh, you’re gonna want to eat those eggs while they’re still hot.
 Ill just hang out with my mom. That’s always fun.
 Oh, you guys had me scared for a minute.
 All right, Raj has played his phantom warlord card, and I am going to back him up with my strangling vines. Choke on that, sucka.
 Unless you have the carrot power.
 Are we going to talk or are we going to play Mystic Warlords of Ka-ah?
 Well, I guess game’s over.
 Not Ka. Ka-ah.
 That reminds me, I have a bone to pick with you.
 You and I made a pact that if either of us ever got a hot girlfriend, that person would have his girlfriend hook the other guy up with one of her girlfriends.
 So you’ve been with Penny for like a month and a half now. Where’s my shorty, Morty?
 Why not?
 Yeah, Raj, that’s how it works.
 So, have you talked to Penny yet?
 Why not?
 Leonard, a pact is a pact. You have to get Penny to fix me up.
 Come on, I’m smart, I have good job and I have only three percent body fat.
 Leonard, come on.
 A hot friend.
 And tall. I want our kids to be able to ride space mountain before they’re 20.
 So, tell me more about the future mother of my children.
 Great. So what did you tell her about me? Did you mention the body fat?
 Good, good.
 Six if you count Klingon.
 What?
 So, Penny tells me you’re working as a waitress to put yourself through grad school. That’s pretty great, what are you studying?
 Oh, cool. So you could study me.
 Microbiology is the study of tiny living things.
 And I said you could study me because I’m a tiny living thing. It’s a joke.
 Do you like science-fiction?
 Role-playing games?
 Either.
 You like magic?
 Okay.
 How about computers? Do you like computers?
 Okay… Puppies? Where do you stand on puppies?
 Of course it did.
 Excuse me. Oh, damn. It’s my mother.
 I’m torn. She might be dying, and, you know, I wouldn’t want to miss that. On the other hand, if I let it go to voicemail, I could play it over and over.
 Not as crazy as my mother makes me.
 My mother calls me at work to see if I had a healthy bowel movement.
 You live with your mother?
 Ooh, rough. Okay, check this out. My mother made me wear rubber gloves to kindergarten so I wouldn’t pick up a disease from the other children.
 Oh, wow. You didn’t, did you?
 Corolla!
 More wine?
 Listen, you have to come to shabbat dinner at my house sometime.
 A catholic girl like you wearing a big cross like that might just give my mother the big brain aneurysm I’ve been hoping for.
 It’s a date.
 Kites ho!
 Kites, ho!
 Good guess.
 Whoa! Did you see that?
 That chick, she smiled at me.
 Yes, she did.
 Hold my line.
 What was I supposed to do? She gave me that come-hither look.
 I would’ve caught up to her if I hadn’t pulled a hammy.
 I totally had a shot.
 Raj, what are you doing here? You were supposed to help me pimp out my Vespa.
 Oh come on, you’re not still grinding on the kite thing, are you?
 But I had a shot with that jogger.
 It’s not a little scooter. It’s the second biggest Vespa they make! Are you watching football?
 All I know about Saks is, my mother shops there.
 Sheldon knows football?
 I mean, Quidditch, sure. But football?
 Hey, pal.
 I brought you a little gift. New kite.
 Yeah, but it comes with a little coin purse. Does a Patang?
 Look, I admit I haven’t always been the best friend I could be.
 Stipulated.
 I know, I know.
 Getting shot down by the girl at Hot Dog on a Stick. But in my defence, she was gorgeous, and working that squeezer to make the lemonade, going up and down and up and down. It was like a free pole dance right in the middle of the food court.
 Hey, at least I can talk to women without being drunk.
 No. You know what? Maybe that’s what this whole thing’s about. You’re not mad at me, you’re mad at yourself.
 Fine. You’re mad at me. I get it. Now, how about we go spend the day together? Just the two of us. We’ll go anywhere you want.
 Come on. Let me take you someplace nice.
 Really, now? With the traffic and the parking, it’s… okay, fine. The Tar Pits. Let’s go.
 My pleasure. Maybe after lunch, we can go to Marie Callender’s and have some pie.
 Good. I’m glad. Oh, man. Did you see the way she smiled at me?
 No. This is our day.
 Ah, who am I kidding? I wouldn’t have a shot with a girl like that.
 You think so?
 Yeah, well, it doesn’t matter because she wasn’t really smiling at me.
 Really?
 Bye.
 Oh, take all the time you need.
 Yeah, I don’t think I need my preshow urination anymore.
 Hey! Look! Amazing Spider-Man 183.
 Remember this one? Spider-Man loses a big fight and then his girlfriend breaks up with him. Want me to get it for you? It’ll help take your mind off things.
 No, I mean, she’s obviously way out of line.
 But if she dumps you, she’ll have a new boyfriend by tomorrow morning and you’ll have a new girlfriend when you figure out how to build one. So the only question is, how long until you fold?
 Come on. At the very least, when she found out Leonard was upset about it, she should’ve backed off.
 I didn’t know you were upset about that.
 Okay, sorry.
 I said I’m sorry.
 Yeah, well, you think I was having fun, sitting around all night listening to my mother say “Have you ever peed so much in your life?”
 Hey, don’t bring my mother into this!
 Boy, what got him so upset?
 I’m busy too, you answer it.
 For God’s sake, I don’t need to hear that! Can’t you just say, I’m busy?
 You know what? I hope it’s one of those home invasion deals, and they shoot me in the head.
 There’s no one there. You’re hearing things, you crazy old lady!
 How much time do we have?
 Anything yet?
 Hang on, how about now?
 Ooh, Real Sex.
 Alright, let’s see what’s on the east coast feed.
 Oh, this sucks, I’m switching back to Real Sex.
 Okay, the best I can tell, there are eight other campsites nearby. Mostly science nerds like us, but just over yon ridge are two not unattractive middle school teachers who reek of desperation.
 Oh I don’t know, 50, 55.
 I am.
 Look, they gave me homemade cookies.
 Relax, I said we’d stop by a little later after they have their nap.
 Cookie?
 Not much to tell. They had a VW Microbus and were wearing tie-dyed Grateful Dead shirts.
 Up above the world so high, like little diamonds in the sky.
 So, when do the meteors get here?
 Stars are pretty, aren’t they?
 I lost my virginity to my cousin Jeanie.
 It was my Uncle Murray’s funeral. We were all back at my Aunt Barbara’s house. Our eyes locked over the pickled herring. We never meant for it to happen.
 To this day, I can’t look at pickled herring without being aroused and ashamed. Oh, cousin Jeanie.
 Anything?
 No! What about Slim Jims?
 Wait. Wait, wait. So you’re saying we’re out of food?
 Me too. Check and see if we have any more pudding.
 Okay, our objective is the boy scout campsite to the east. Easy target. Big doughy scout master, couple of cubs, most webelos.
 Hot dogs, buns, s’mores, I mean, it’s a freaking 7-11.
 Oh, my god, could it be? Yes! My mother put an I love you brisket in my backpack.
 You don’t need forks. It’s so tender, it falls apart in your hands.
 Maybe a tupperware bowl of roasted potatoes and carrots?
 That’s still not funny.
 And she was my second cousin.
 You’re a real douche.
 So two years later, there’s a knock on the door, guy opens it, and there on his porch is the snail, who says, “What the heck was all that about?”
 Well, see, it took two years for the snail to… not important.
 Sure.
 To be honest, I was hoping at least second base.
 A Jewish stand-up comedian, that’d be new.
 No, I was just… never mind.
 We do?
 You’re kidding.
 Okay, just to be clear, there’s only one correct answer, right? It’s not like chicken or fish on an airplane?
 You know, it’s not unheard of for a one-night stand to turn into a relationship.
 Three dates means sex? Who knew?
 Greetings, homies, homette.
 In romance, as in show business, always leave them wanting more.
 Hey, did either of you guys know that three dates with the same woman is the threshold for sex?
 Okay, well, before you and Penny hooked up, did she ask for any kind of commitment?
 Excuse me, I have a master’s degree in engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. It required the completion of 144 units of grad work and an original thesis.
 Did she say something?
 I do, yeah, but she wants a commitment and I’m not sure she’s my type.
 Look, Bernadette is really nice. I just always thought when I finally settle down into a relationship, it would be with someone, you know, different.
 Well, you know, more like Megan Fox from Transformers, or Katee Sackhoff from Battlestar Galactica.
 Okay, now you’re just being unrealistic. Anyway, that movie was like 20 years ago, imagine how saggy those things would be.
 Hey, just because you settled doesn’t mean I have to.
 Hey, I’m interested in what’s inside people, too, but why is it wrong to want those insides wrapped up in, say, the delicious caramel that is Halle Berry? Yes, you’re delicious caramel, too.
 Thank you, Sheldon.
 So nice you could join me this evening. You’re looking lovely as always.
 Come on, Katee, don’t make it sound so cheap.
 Thank you. So, shall we get started?
 You want to play Cylon and colonist?
 You mean, Bernadette?
 I know, but she’s not you.
 Really? Tall?
 Ouch.
 I’m taking a bath!
 Don’t remind me! Oh, man. All soaped up and no place to go.
 Yeah, I came to talk to Bernadette. She’s working today, right?
 Why not?
 Wait, Bernadette, I need to talk to you.
 This will only take a second. You asked me to think about where our relationship was going, and I did. Bernadette? Will you marry me?
 No. I’m serious. I’m never going to find another girl like you who likes me and is, you know, real.
 No.
 I prefer to think of myself as quirky.
 Fair enough. When’s your break?
 Don’t you just hate when this happens?
 Testing. Check. Check two.
 I want to dedicate this number to a great gal who I’ve done wrong. Bernadette, I am so sorry for trying to propose to you, Bernadette, you found it creepy but that’s just the kind of thing I do. I know now it was too soon to talk of love. It was just a crazy idea that came to me in my tub. But, Bernadette, give me one more chance, sweet Bernadette, I’ll get the hang of this thing they call romance, sweet Bernadette, I dream to once again kiss your lips, sweet Bernadette. Sincerely yours, Howardrd Wolowitz, Bernadette…
 …Bernadette! Thank you, Cheesecake Factory!
 What’s up, my nerdizzles? Raj, Sheldon, I want you to meet my girlfriend Bernadette.
 Leonard, Penny, you know my girlfriend Bernadette.
 Bernadette, say fo’shizzle to my nerdizzles.
 I hope it’s all right, I told my girlfriend Bernadette she could join us for dinner.
 NO!
 Come on, Sheldon. let the womenfolk chat.
 Gals? Chicks? Utero-Americans?
 Yeah?
 What?
 Hey, fellas. This is my girlfriend Bernadette. My girlfriend Bernadette.
 Have no idea. Hey, Leonard.
 Thought I’d give the little woman a tour of the old salt mines.
 Like Hanukkah in July.
 No.
 Could you grab me another napkin, sweetie?
 Thanks, honey. All right, what is your deal?
 Inviting my girlfriend to come see your electron accelerator?
 Wow! You really are a piece of work. It’s not enough you get the prom queen, you have to get the head of the decorating committee, too?
 Don’t play innocent with me. I practically invented using fancy lab equipment to seduce women.
 Not so far, but that’s not the point!
 I hope not, because you don’t want to mess with me. I’m crazy.
 Huh?
 Oh, that explains a lot.
 Of course.
 That’s great, Ma!
 No, no, don’t move. Hey, Ma, can I have lamb stew for dinner?
 Please? I got a real hankering.
 Thanks, Ma.
 Always Le Seur peas with lamb stew!
 Then get the regular!
 Sorry about that.
 I’m already on vibrate.
 Uh, what do you mean?
 Really? He said that?
 Me? No. I may have mentioned that it’s a little inappropriate to be asking another man’s girlfriend to his experiment without first discussing it with said man.
 I didn’t say anything like that. I said Leonard has to ask my permission. Come on, I don’t want to eat lamb stew with my mother. Damn, I was this close on the bra.
 Okay, I got a bone to pick with you.
 I was in bed with Bernadette, and you text-blocked me.
 We were completely naked, about to devour each other when, you text her that I have a problem with her hanging out with you.
 Yeah, but that’s not what you tell her.
 I don’t know, something that doesn’t make me come off as a petty, jealous douche.
 Come on, do I have to think of everything?
 Hi.
 Same thing you’re doing here. I came to see Leonard’s experiment.
 I was just repeating what Sheldon said. Let’s not get off topic, Bernadette, I need to apologize. I was wrong to tell you who you should be friends with.
 Look, I know I come off as confident and worldly, but the truth is I’m not.
 Which is why I tend to feel threatened by other guys.
 But I now realize how foolish that is.
 It was a full turtleneck. Why aren’t you helping me?
 Bernadette, please, I’m asking you to give me another chance.
 What? No.
 Because we don’t have latent homosexual feelings toward one another.
 No, really. I have a girlfriend now.
 She had to go out of town. Her grandmother died.
 Honest to God. Leonard, tell her I have a girlfriend.
 What do you mean you don’t know what I’m talking about? Tell her I have a girlfriend!
 Her name is Bernadette, she’s working as a waitress, but she’s going to school to be a microbiologist.
 Do you really think your lips in my ear is helping?
 If it helps, we’re all good with your breasts.
 Yes, actual women are the best.
 No, it would just freak him out. Listen, before we leave, I should warn you, I’m a passionate man and I tend towards public displays of affection.
 There might be some making out in the car or the restaurant, and I don’t want Bernadette to feel uncomfortable, so it would help if you and Penny made out, too.
 Seen it.
 Yeah, no more carefree bachelor nights for me and Leonard. These broncos have been saddled.
 Flesh-eating bacteria. And yet, I still want to kiss this woman, what does that tell you?
 Well, we kind of disagree about what the bases are.
 Good job not making fun of her.
 Why don’t you kids go ahead and chat? We’re gonna make out back here.
 Well, we could always learn more about why people who believe in psychics are idiots. Leonard?
 What do you think? Want to jump right into the middle of another couple’s argument?
 Sorry.
 Hey.
 Had a great night last night. I don’t like to kiss and tell, but somebody made it to eighth base.
 Seventh base with shirt off. Well, my shirt. How’d things go with Penny?
 Are we taking our relationship frustrations out on innocent Cylons?
 All right, I was going to try to squeeze in a little more mocking before lunch, but I can come back later when you don’t have a high-powered weapon.
 Hey, I once dated a girl who believed she was abducted by aliens.
 Au contraire. It meant she was gullible and open to a little probing.
 Hey, I’m sure Penny fakes all kinds of things when she’s with you.
 Let me show you another way to look at this. Here we have the universe of all women. These are the ones you want to sleep with. These are the women who believe exactly what you believe. These are the women who would be willing to sleep with you. And right there in the little triple intersection is your ideal mate. Odds are she’s a short physicist with low self-esteem who lives in a government research facility in China.
 I respect that.
 Your new girlfriend. Have fun tonight.
 Boy, seems like forever since the four of us have been out to eat, you know? Just the guys.
 A little jealous, are we?
 It doesn’t mean any of that! It’s a typo.
 Sure, no mobsters there.
 All right, we’ve got a titanium dead bolt and a reinforced jamb controlled by a state-of-the-art electronic access system.
 Now, inside, we’ve got motion detectors, infrared sensors, and cameras connected to a server running state-of-the-art facial recognition software.
 I got a buddy over at the Department of Defence.
 I’m sure he would have if I had asked. Ironically, their security isn’t all that good.
 Don’t worry, the net’s going to be electrified. Picture her on the floor, spasming uncontrollably.
 Oh, come on. So you were the victim of a crime. That’s part of life. When my great-grandfather first came to this country, he put all his hopes and dreams into this little butcher shop he ran on the Lower East Side of New York. You know what happened? Every customer who walked into that butcher shop and asked for a pound of liver, got ripped off. But, those people moved on, and so should you.
 How the hell do I know who’s the friend and who’s the acquaintance?
 Hey, look who’s back!
 How long has he been stuck?
 Have you tried rebooting him?
 Oh, that’s perfect. Bernadette’s been hocking me to take her roller skating.
 What could be better? We’re in.
 You can come with us.
 Boy, he’s really gone, isn’t he?
 I thought I smelled popcorn.
 Want my corn?
 Good. P.F. Chang’s? My mom has coupons.
 Not this time, I promise.
 Thanks. You, too.
 Not really. I was in my boogie zone.
 Sheldon, what the hell are you doing?
 I bet if we all chipped in, we could buy Sheldon a van.
 Happy now?
 Yeah, I miss you, too, sweetie. Listen, I got to go, but I’ll see you tonight? Okay. Bye-bye. Yeah, bye-bye. No, you hang up first. Hello?
 That’s not true. My happiness is not dependent on my best friend being miserable and alone.
 Although, I’d be lying if I said it wasn’t a little bit of a perk.
 Yeah, I am pulling out all the stops. There’s a $39.95 lover’s special at P.F. Chang’s. Egg rolls, dumplings, bottomless wok, and you get your picture taken on the big marble horse out front.
 I understand your point, but given a choice, Jews always go with Chinese food.
 I heard he threw his back out climbing on his new girlfriend.
 That’s the one.
 Oh, man!
 I’m sorry I couldn’t hang with you last night. I had a date with Bernadette.
 So, what did you end up doing?
 I’d take Sheldon to Switzerland.
 Absolutely. And I’d leave him there.
 Trust me, you can’t. I’ve tried.
 Ooh, that’s gotta sting.
 Yeah, right, there’s nothing more awesome and frightening than a man who’s got music blasting from between his nipples.
 I’m sad to say I taught him those moves.
 That’s crazy. Stan Lee had nothing to do with Batman.
 Ow! Damn, paper cut. Nothing worse than a paper cut.
 Why don’t you keep that stuff in the bathroom?
 Sheldon, why do you have all these unopened paychecks in your desk?
 But there must be thousands of dollars here. Why don’t you put it in the bank?
 You’ve also got something from the Pasadena Municipal Court.
 Sheldon, this is a summons.
 Looks like you ran a red light on Marengo Avenue at 9:30 p.m. on November 16. They got you on a traffic camera. Nice picture.
 You are guilty. That one I liked.
 Okay, he’s going to jail.
 Wow. Uh, Stan Lee, or you in court? Uh, if this was Sophie’s Choice it would’ve been a much shorter movie. No.
 Okay, I’m cutting. I’m not gonna talk to Stan Lee after you cheese him off.
 Awesome. Mine says, To my friend, Howardrd, from Stan Lee, Excelsior!
 That’s because you pissed him off about his character names.
 Plus, you didn’t get to meet Stan Lee.
 You’re right, so it would be cruel to mention that after he finished signing autographs, Stan Lee took Stuartrt and us out for gelato.
 He said we could call him Stan.
 Not just the finger. The moving finger.
 Would you just let it go?
 Sweet.
 My guess is, “Hey, four minutes! New record!” That’s why I’m the funny one.
 They were closing up. We got this whole box for sixty bucks.
 Oh, my God. An Alf doll. When I was 11 my mother got me one to help me sleep after my dad left. I used to pretend that my dad had moved to the planet Melmac, and Alf was going to bring him back to me. But he never did. Where’s my daddy, puppet? Where is he?
 Looks like someone drew a penis on him.
 You see what you’re doing? Stop that.
 One Ring to bring them all.
 So, I was doing some checking on the ring.
 Listen, I was looking at the ring, and it seemed a little weird. No copyright notice on it. So, I took it down to this buddy of mine who deals with, shall we say, the seedy underbelly of the collectibles world.
 You know, your black market phasers, your screen-worn Lieutenant Uhura panties, that kind of stuff.
 Just a guy. I know a guy.
 No, I can’t tell you who it is. Stop asking.
 I know lots of dangerous people, okay?
 Eddie Crispo. Anyway, he said this isn’t a replica. It’s the real deal.
 No, but it’s close. Look at the markings inside. Those are production markings. Nine rings were made for use in the Lord of the Rings movies. Three were given to members of the cast. The rest were destroyed. Except one. One was stolen. Gentlemen, this is the one ring.
 Well, it’s tough to say since it’s hot, but on the underground market, my guy figures…
 Yes. He figures ten, maybe 15 thousand.
 Why do you want a jet ski?
 It’s sad how great that sounds.
 Fine. He can have it back as long as he promises to make me a hobbit in his next movie.
 Clearly, you’ve never been to my house for dinner on Rosh Hashanah.
 If you had gone out with me three years ago, by now, you’d have my great Aunt Ida’s brooch that she smuggled out of occupied Belgium in a cat.
 So, Sheldon, how’s it feel to get beaten up by a girl?
 You brought a lawyer?
 Okay, just so you know, if we’re bringing in cousins who are lawyers, prepare for shock and awe.
 Then let go!
 I say this ring belongs to the last person who can hold on.
 You do realize there’s a giant bug movie marathon tonight on the Syfy Channel.
 You know, there’s a point when this becomes idiotic.
 I’m sorry, Ma, I have to stay late at the office.
 Will you be quiet?
 I’ll call you back.
 Don’t you talk about my mother’s boobies!
 That’s not gonna Better pull out the big gun.
 Then let go of the ring and walk away.
 All right. I’ll bet your Meemaw didn’t just have sex to have your mother. I bet she had sex because she liked it.
 We’re getting to him.
 What are you doing?
 No, actually, I wouldn’t mind going, too.
 We stand up.
 Something tells me this was a bad day to wear suede shoes.
 You quit the game! You had no right to take it.
 Yeah, so?
 What’s your point?
 Yeah, the one thing the William Shatner of theoretical physics needed was an ego boost.
 Didn’t it look like that spear was going to go right through your skull?
 Uh, hang on, flaming arrow.
 Well, no, you’re mistaken. You give speeches all the time. What you can’t do is shut up.
 Turns out the great Sheldon Cooper has stage fright.
 Where’s 70 children when you need them?
 Raj says he can teach you, what did you call it? I don’t know, some Indian meditation crap.
 My power is the ability to pretend like I give a damn about your piddly-ass problems. And that’s 24-7, buddy.
 Oh, that’s not a good name.
 Hey, Leonard, where do you come down on giant ants?
 What’s with him?
 Are you saying he’s man-struating?
 Okay, forget giant ants. How about giant rabbits?
 Leonard, where do you stand on giant rabbits and scrotal position?
 Would that be a giant rat’s ass?
 Okay, how about this for a topic, why is Leonard being a giant douche? Assuming giant douches are possible.
 Oh, but something happened.
 What’d you do, Romeo? You pour maple syrup all over your body and ask her if she was in the mood for a short stack?
 Did you ask her to start waxing?
 While making love, did you accidentally spank your own ass and cry out Mommy?
 That wasn’t a no.
 Did you take a Benadryl and fall asleep while pleasuring her? Because you can die that way.
 I thought you were bringing your own bowling shoes.
 Then what’s with the disinfectant?
 Hey, I just wanted to tell you I’m a big fan.
 I’m sure you’re probably sick of Star Trek questions, but, Whoopi Goldberg, you ever hit that?
 I guessed premature. Does that count?
 You know, if you want it to mean you’re crushing Wesley, it’d be the “Wesley” Crushers.
 Leave me alone, Sheldon.
 Sheldon-don! Sheldon-don! Sheldon-don! Sheldon-don!
 The ball! The ball! The ball! The ball! The ball! The ball!
 What’s wrong with you? You can’t hang out with your roommate’s ex. That’s totally uncool.
 So would Ben Affleck. The point is, in a situation like this you got to pick sides. You’re either on Team Leonard or Team Penny.
 What?
 Oh, God, this is good.
 Jews don’t have hell. We have acid reflux.
 Nah, I can’t. I got to pick up my mom from her water aerobics class. 18 overweight women flapping their arm fat in a swimming pool. Looks like the manatee tank at Sea World.
 I wish you were Aquaman. Then I could send you to scoop my mom out of the old lady tank.
 Yeah, since when do you take walks?
 Hold on. I’ll walk down with you.
 Or we could go together.
 Let’s go.
 Okay.
 You said you were going for a walk.
 So what, you’re just gonna walk up and down the stairs?
 Which way are you going?
 I parked my scooter down the block.
 Bye. Actually, I’m this way. Do I smell hot dogs?
 I definitely smell raw hot dog.
 All right, have a nice walk.
 You might want to stand back. I’m sitting on top of 13 horses here.
 Well, that’s it. We’re officially out of things to talk about.
 Oh, yeah, the whole thing seems a little twisted to me, too.
 Sheldon, come on.
 See you, buddy.
 Are you planning on kidnapping a woman?
 Yes, but mixed with genuine concern.
 Yeah, um, I have a two-part question.
 A, are you kidding me? And B, seriously, are you freaking kidding me?
 So you’re saying the two of you are going to be sleeping in the same bed?
 Whoa, whoa, whoa. You heard the man. Where’s your throat cultures? Kidding. Sit down.
 What the hell are you doing?
 If you want, I can give you some of my mom’s sleeping pills.
 She doesn’t know she takes them.
 Were you up making another stop-motion Lego movie?
 Because let me tell you, it’s not enough to make the Legos move, they also have to capture your heart.
 How is a Japanese love pillow another person?
 Hi.
 What do you mean what? It’s Halo night.
 That’s why we moved Halo night here. Look, I brought my mom’s chicken soup.
 Who’s that
 Yeah, right. Dr. Plimpton?
 Uh, yeah.
 Yeah, sure. In fact, I’m a dungeon master.
 Beg pardon?
 What the frak?
 We broke up weeks ago.
 I was waiting for the right time. This is the right time.
 He’s right. The numbers are shaky enough as it is.
 Yep. Welcome to the Penthouse Forum.
 I’m out.
 Hey.
 I can’t speak for these guys, but I’m sitting on my tushie. It’s a joke.
 Right.
 And you just assume you’re always right?
 So do I.
 Why?
 So, I get the draft?
 Fine. And it’s a dickey.
 Yeah, we can go over to my place.
 You’re not going with us.
 I don’t have playdates! I have colleagues!
 No, but if you keep screaming, maybe they’ll hear you!
 She grows any more hair on her face, yes.
 Three. I designed the engine myself.
 Oh, probably, if I could get my hands on that new fuel the government’s been working on.
 I haven’t seen your Oreos! Just take your bath without them!
 Nice.
 What’s happening?
 You’re waiting for the elevator?
 That’s a bazinga, right?
 You got it. Oh, Raj, no. Billions of dollars have gone into inventing the Internet and filling it with pictures of naked women, so we don’t have to peep through windows.
 She dumped you?
 Oh, it’s very simple. Leonard was living in a little town called please don’t leave me, while Penny had just moved to the island of bye-bye.
 If it’s not too much trouble, I’d like to point this at the moon now.
 Happy now? I’m moving the dirty sock.
 Preparing to fire laser at the moon.
 There it is. There’s the spike!
 Horse.
 The phrase is get back on the horse, not whores.
 No, it’s not… Never mind. He is right, though. If you want, I can turn you on to this great new dating site I found.
 You sure? They say they can find a match for anybody.
 Tons. I’ve had, like, eight dates in the last month. And twelve if you count the ones who showed up and left.
 Yeah, right.
 He didn’t find a wife. They built him a wife out of dead body parts.
 What?
 Excuse me?
 You’re kidding. An actual woman?
 Trust me, breasts doesn’t necessarily mean woman.
 I’ll show you a picture of my Uncle Louie in a bathing suit sometime. Leonard, you gotta see this, we found a match for Sheldon.
 Nope. Why don’t you ask him?
 Whatever. Right now, Dr. Sheldon Cooper has to send an e-mail to his perfect match. Greetings, fellow life-form…
 Not us. Him.
 Well, him about to find out about her.
 Sheldon. Hey.
 Right. So, listen, what are you doing tomorrow afternoon?
 Four thirty.
 What?
 Okay, what if I were to tell you, tomorrow, at 4:30 you could meet a woman who has been scientifically chosen to be your perfect mate?
 And that’s exactly the answer we gave to the question, what is your attitude towards online dating”
 Well, come on, where’s your scientific curiosity?
 Okay, well, why don’t you start with a cup of coffee, and you can pon farr Amy Farrah Fowler later.
 All right, you can have a hot chocolate.
 Why?
 Okay, I’m out.
 Good God, what have we done?

