 Mm-hmm, International Space Station. 250 miles that way.
 You know, it's not exactly glamorous up there. The water that the astronauts drink is made from each other's recycled urine.
 Mm, conducting experiments in zero gravity.
 Interesting question. On the one hand, I always thought…
 I know what the anthropic principle is.
 Where do you stand on it?
 Then I believe that God created the world in six days, and on the seventh he made you to annoy me.
 Hey.
 Well, hang on. Why do you believe that he knows what it is and I don't?
 Actually, I'm hanging out with Penny.
 Sheldon, are you sure you want to be bringing Raj on your date night with Amy?
 No occasion. You know, things have been a little weird between us, so I wanted to throw together a fun night just for you.
 I got all your favourites. Beer, wings, sliders. We can watch the football game. I even painted my stomach.
 Well, in case you were in the mood for baseball, I didn't want to look ridiculous.
 Good, I'm glad.
 Great. Just relax and enjoy. Tonight is all about you.
 So, where exactly are we in this relationship?
 You're right, I'm sorry. Let's watch the game.
 I just know the longer we wait to talk about it, the weirder it gets.
 Absolutely. You're the girl, I'm the guy. Now, you watch your football game while I make you a little plate here.
 Oh, I'll get it. Go sports.
 What are you doing here? I thought you were out with Sheldon and Amy.
 Well, it's not really a great time. Penny and I have some things we need to talk about.
 I can't believe I shaved my stomach for this.
 I'm good.
 That's great. Get out.
 Penny and I have some issues we need to talk about.
 Some people might say it was romantic.
 Okay.
 Actually, to this day, she's never really said it.
 So, is it everything you hoped it would be?
 Go ahead.
 What are you doing?
 Sheldon, you are not in charge.
 It'll be fine. Just, uh, pretend he's Wolowitz.
 What are you doing?
 Maybe your tongue is shrinking.
 I'm starting to get a sense of it. Don't worry. I'll take you to the dentist tomorrow.
 Okay.
 Why?
 I wish there were more.
 What is it?
 Where exactly did your mother have you tested?
 Okay, I think I understand.
 The guy who seems like an emotionless robot is you, but your relationship with Amy is causing you to transform into a red-blooded man with sexual desires.
 What?
 I was. Now I'm having a nightmare. What do you want?
 Gelatinous Sphere.
 Why would I be interested? I have Penny.
 You can't just replace someone you care about with some other random person.
 Yes, you walked around for a week saying, Sheldon unhappy with casting choice.
 What's your point?
 This is ridiculous. Are we gonna play cards or not?
 So, I had to take Sheldon to the dentist this morning.
 Yup. I told him if he didn't bite the hygienist, I'd take him for ice cream.
 I didn't have to take him for ice cream.
 You okay? You seem a little distracted.
 Oh. Yeah, okay.
 Just say it.
 Mm-hmm.
 Mmm, doesn't matter. Half the time, he just ends up playing with the box.
 No, what's disgusting is he's still keeping track.
 No, no, no, no.
 I didn't know they gave Nobel prizes for making boom-boom in the potty.
 So, you're going to spend hours and hours combing through all this stuff?
 Not gonna happen.
 If you want help, just hire a grad student.
 You talk to Howard lately?
 Smooth. Hi.
 Sheldon, aren't you going to introduce us?
 Ah, congratulations and may God have mercy on your soul. I'm Leonard. This is Raj.
 She seems nice.
 All I said was she seems nice.
 This should be fun.
 Oh!
 Wait, Alex. Do you want to join us?
 Given her what?
 What?
 Oh, sure. Please join us.
 So, Alex, what's the topic of your dissertation?
 Oh, that happens to be Dr. Koothrappali's field of expertise. You two have a lot to talk about.
 No. But compared to your boss, he's the poster boy for sanity.
 Oh, SETI, the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence. You should introduce him to Sheldon. The search is over.
 High-energy lasers.
 Not yet, but I can remove unwanted hair from two miles away.
 Thank you.
 Ah, it was all right, I guess. Got to Heimlich a cherry stem out of Sheldon. Caught Raj right in the eye.
 No, Raj had to go to the nurse.
 Mmm, the nurse is a woman, so he couldn't talk to her. She had to bring him a Grover puppet so he could point at what hurt.
 Isn't that enough? It had the weaponised fruit and a puppet. What more do you want?
 What do you got?
 Magnets
 Where are we going?
 It'll be good to have him back.
 I don't have a problem with Stuart. Besides, he gives us a twenty percent discount at his comic book store.
 All right, Pictionary. What are the teams?
 Batman. Batman and Robin. Uh, Wonder Twins plus the monkey. Wonder Twins plus the monkey and Batman.
 In what universe is that a present?
 No.
 Nothing with quarks.
 No.
 How could you miss that?
 Penny got it.
 Oh, uh, uh, uh, sausage. Uh, uh, uh, uh, bratwurst? Oh, oh, a hot dog.
 A solar system. Uh, uh, uh, uh, um, unidentified flying liverwurst? I don't…
 I don't know, uh, Casper the alcoholic ghost?
 Mmm, in all fairness, Pictionary has verbal skills, visual skills. It's a pretty well-rounded game.
 En el acelerador de particulares.
 Just pick another game.
 No good, Sheldon doesn't float.
 Yeah, that's when it started.
 Uh-uh.
 I'm trying. Don't yell at me.
 I know what he looks like.
 Because he's hard to find. If he was easy to find, the books would be called There's Waldo.
 57, 58, 59, that's one minute.
 Remember, show your work.
 Get up, we can't lose at math.
 So?
 Sheldon, we haven't won a game all night. Now, you either stick your face in that pie or I'm gonna stick that pie in your face.
 Not now!
 Snort it down and keep eating!
 Yeah, maybe. Open it first.
 Have you noticed that Howard can take any topic and use it to remind you that he went to space?
 Okay. Hey, Howard, any thoughts on where we should get dinner?
 Hey, what are you doing here?
 Oh, what a nice surprise. I don't think you've ever seen my lab before.
 No. Although Howard was making some real strides in that area until he met Bernadette.
 Nope. Now the Lisatronic 3000 just sits in a box waiting for the phone to ring.
 Oh, no, no, no, don't look in there.
 No, it's a nitrogen laser. It'll cook your eyeball like a soft-boiled egg.
 Sign right there.
 Uh, that is an integrated ion trap and time-of-flight mass spectrometer.
 That is a pencil sharpener.
 It's actually pretty neat.
 Yeah. It's a front-projected holographic display combined with laser-based finger tracking. Here, I'll show you. We'll just put this pencil over here.
 Very good. And then a laser will map the reflective surface, and voila.
 You know, there's a foundational idea in string theory that the whole universe may be a hologram.
 Uh-huh. Well, the holographic principle suggests that what we all experience every day in three dimensions may really  just be information on a surface located at the farthest reaches of our cosmos. So it's possible that our lives are really just acting out a painting on the largest canvas in the universe.
 What?
 You should visit more often. What are you doing?
 What? Here? Now?
 No, no. It's kind of crazy. I've never fooled around in the lab before.
 No. I did have a shot with the Lisatronic, but the extension cord wasn't long enough.
 Hello, boys.
 Nothing.
 Space.
 So, basically, this is what's called mag-lev technology. It uses very powerful electromagnets to create a force strong enough to overcome gravity. Here, you hold this.
 Yeah. Oh, uh, you don't have on any jewellery, do you?
 A grad student forgot to take out one of his piercings. Now he's on a transplant list waiting for a nipple his size. Now watch this.
 Sometimes I like to turn this on and pretend I'm the super villain Magneto.
 But what I really am is a very smart scientist who understands the mechanics of the universe and is wearing the sexy black underwear you bought him.
 Hello, boys.
 Ja, und later she's going to arrest me for goink fashter zen da shpeed of light.
 Sorry, Officer.
 Just explaining the theory of relativity. Twice.
 Don't worry, this is exactly how you look when you're dancing in clubs.
 That's really nice, Sheldon, I'm happy for you.
 Sheldon, I don't think this actually means…
 It's crunchy. Just the way I like it.
 It's great. I love it.
 Oh. That's great. Great, great, great. Why wait so long to tell me?
 Why do you think I'd be like that? I get it, you're taking one class. It's nice. Maybe if it goes well, you take another, you enrol full-time. Ooh, be sure to keep an eye on which credits transfer to a four-year college.
 Sorry. Whatever. It's all good.
 Am I allowed to ask how the class is going?
 Great topic. I can help with that. There are lots of different perspectives you can take, economic, sociological, political.
 Can I take a look?
 Okay, I get it.
 It's like when I started doing chin-ups, I didn't want you to see until I could do one. FYI, really close.
 Really? ‘Cause I went to four years of college and five years of grad school, that never happened once.
 Please be good. Please be good. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Okay. She writes like she cooks.
 What are you doing?
 I did a bad thing.
 No.
 Penny started taking a class. She wrote a paper, she didn't want me to read it, I went behind her back and I read it anyway.
 I don't know what to do. I mean, the paper's terrible. But if I tell her, she'll know that I read it and she'll get really mad.
 Is it possible we're having two different conversations?
 Hang on. Okay, here's what we're gonna do. Chess clock. We each get five minutes to talk about our problems. We'll take turns. Each turn will consist of a statement and a helpful response from the friend. Begin.
 He's probably busy. You're worried about nothing. Give it a couple more days. I'm sure he'll play, and you'll see that everything's fine. My turn. I can't let Penny hand in a bad paper, but how do I tell her it's bad without letting her know that I read it?
 Maybe since you're so good, he's taking his time to meet the challenge. I want Penny to enjoy school…
 Sheldon, I wasn't done talking. She hands in the paper tomorrow. I know I could help her. And she's my girlfriend. I, I should be allowed to help her. Why aren't I allowed to help her?
 No. You need to give me some advice.
 No, specific to my situation.
 Empathetic.
 I quit.
 What?
 Good morning, sunshine.
 I know, but I have to go to work, and I made you breakfast.
 Uh, before you open that, um, are you familiar with the story of The Shoemaker and the Elves?
 No, no. Listen, um, once upon a time, there was this shoemaker and when he went to bed at night, elves would sneak in and they would make all these amazing shoes for him. And when the shoemaker woke up in the morning, he, he would be super happy, not mad at the elves at all. Open it.
 Don't ask me. A little elf did it.
 No, I assumed it would be good. Then I read it.
 No, I, I mean, it was good. There were just a few things that needed a little polishing.
 That's not true. Uh, slavery. 1619. Your name at the top. That's all you.
 Please don't be upset. I just, I didn't want you ending up with a bad grade and get discouraged and give up on the idea of going back to school.
 Oh, come on, you know that's not true.
 I'm sorry. I was just trying to help.
 Oh, hey. Haven't heard from you in a couple days. You still mad at me?
 Wow.
 I don't know what to say.
 Well answer it. I want to hear.
 Hey, look who's out after dark, like a big boy.
 I thought you had plans with Amy.
 Hold on. Wil and Amy had an argument?
 Then Amy got mad and left?
 And you?
 Buddy, I think Amy might be upset.
 Because your friend was rude to her, and then you went to dinner with him.
 Trust me, call her.
 Keep going, buddy, you're doing great.
 They'd say, why does he touch himself so much?
 Oh, yeah. Fifth grade. Sixth grade. Seventh grade. Eighth grade. Ninth grade.
 Okay. You want to start loading this stuff into the truck?
 We're not standing outside by the U-Haul while you fondle yourself.
 You know, a lot of scientists believe that making contact with other life-forms would probably not end well for us.
 Really?
 Actually, no, he goes to the bathroom at eight a.m. with optional follow-ups at one forty-five and seven ten high-fibre Fridays.
 Oh, that's just the tip of the sadness iceberg.
 Right, the case of who murdered three Saturday nights of my life?
 Well, I spent most of the afternoon growing isotopically pure crystals for neutrino detection.
 Yeah, it was.
 Who you talking to?
 Oh, great. We're still dating, right?
 I'm sorry, what was that? I had a little stroke after oral.
 Oh, good, an English accent, the sexiest accent you can have.
 Did you tell him you have a boyfriend?
 Well, maybe you should tell him.
 Say, can't talk right now, hanging with my boyfriend. England sucks, you suck, USA number one.
 Yes. Thank you.
 What did he say?
 What?
 I hate this guy.
 Come on, trust me, he's hitting on you.
 Really? Here?
 That'd be great. Thank you.
 If you're wondering why I've been staring through the peephole, I'm trying to get a look at this guy who's coming over to Penny's.
 It's not a big deal. He's just in her history class. They're working on a project together. I don't even know why I care. You know what, I don't care.
 This is silly. I have nothing to worry about.
 What do you mean?
 Well, yeah, but this isn't just about looks. I'm, I'm way above average in a lot of other things.
 I'm talking about important things like emotional maturity.
 I liked it better when you thought I wasn't here.
 None of this matters. I trust that Penny cares about me, and nothing's gonna happen with this guy.
 What?
 Now you're just being ridiculous.
 I'll be right back.
 ‘sup?
 You, uh, moving into the apartment on the fifth floor?
 Oh, cool. That cute blonde on four?
 I, well, I see her around. I like to keep my distance because her boyfriend is a pretty scary dude.
 Yeah. He's ganged up.
 That's the name of his gang. The Scientists. They are crazy.
 No problem, brother. Stay frosty. We're still dating, right?
 Hey, Alex, and call me Leonard. Dr. Hofstadter is my father. And my mother. And my sister. And our cat. Although, I'm pretty sure Dr. Boots Hofstadter's degree was honorary.
 Sure.
 Hey, Alex, let me ask you something. My girlfriend knows this guy at school. He's got an English accent.
 Yeah, you all do. Anyway, I feel like he's hitting on her. She says he's just being nice and that I should trust her.
 Right. Because girls are always like, ooh, that guy owns two Star Trek uniforms and gets a lot of ear infections. I got to get me some of that.
 Trust me, it doesn't.
 Really?
 Okay, I got to get back to work. Thanks for listening.
 Hope-hope no girls rip my clothes off on the way.
 Hi.
 Come on, I'm sorry.
 I do, of course I do.
 Really?
 Oh. You know, I'm really starting to not like this guy.
 I don't know. It-it-it's hard sometimes. Everywhere you go, guys hit on you, even if I'm standing right there. And they're all taller than me. Why is everyone taller than me? You know what, this is all in my head. It's my problem, not yours.
 You know that's the first time you ever said that you love me.
 We're just supposed to pretend it's not a big deal?
 You're right, you should go.
 She loves me. Hey, it's Alex. Nice having coffee with you. If you want to talk more, I'm always available. Smiley face, smiley face. What a friendly girl.
 They are not.
 Your hypothesis is completely disconfirmed by all the data. You're just clinging to it out of intellectual stubbornness.
 Oh, yeah? Mummies are wrapped in bandages.
 All right, you brought this on yourself. Sheldon, get him.
 Good boy. Here's a cookie.
 Oh, mummies and zombies again.
 You get a cookie, too.
 Maybe they reassigned it because you never use it.
 Well, he's not wrong. Howard did go to the International Space Station.
 Sheldon, let it go. It's not a big deal.
 All that story does is make me feel bad for your mother.
 Because I can never understand your side.
 Sheldon?
 I don't have any.
 Howard, what are you doing?
 Mmm.
 What are you idiots doing?
 You're both acting like lunatics. It's just a parking spot.
 What I don't believe is that you tried to run him over.
 Why would it trouble you? It's, like, your third favourite cartoon theme song.
 Oh. Like Jaws 4, Indiana Jones 4, Daredevil 1.
 Penny's working tonight, I'm in.
 Fun. We know how much you love that.
 That should lighten the mood.
 Raj is probably right. You should get someone to give you some pointers.
 No.
 I'm no expert, but I think the hook has to go through the worm.
 Yeah, come on, Howard. Hook that worm.
 It's not our fault. Our dads never did anything like this with us.
 My dad was an anthropologist. The only father-son time he spent was with a 2,000-year-old skeleton of an Etruscan boy. I hated that kid.
 You know, maybe we didn't have opportunities like this when we were growing up, but right now, there's a dad that wants to take you on a fishing trip.
 Look at that, I built a fireplace with my own two hands.
 Aw, I got a little paper cut.
 Oh, before I forget, Saturday I'm planning a little Dungeons and Dragons night with the guys.
 Oh, come on, I hardly ever get a chance to play anymore.
 Little bit, yeah.
 All right, Sheldon, to start our quest you need to open this little Christmas gift I got you.
 Would you just look inside?
 It's actually ho, ho, ho, but you'll get the hang of it. Thought it'd be fun to make a quest with a holiday theme.
 Okay, here we go. You find yourselves in the smoking remains of Santa's village. Clearly, a great battle has taken place.
 Okay, there are ogre tracks and a trail of broken candy canes in the snow. Sheldon, what do you do?
 Fine. Howard, what do you do?
 And you discover a secret door leading to a dark corridor.
 Okay, you run into a room full of weapons, hit a trip wire, a cannon blows your face off, you die, you're out of the game.
 Okay, come on, moving on.
 Okay…
 Oh, uh, yeah. I got 'em on Amazon.
 I know, but when I shop online, I can do it on the toilet.
 Yeah, sorry. Uh, you come to the end of the tunnel and find a large chest. What do you do? And, Howard, do not say, I feel up the large chest.
 Great. What do you do?
 It's locked, but suddenly the door behind you slams shut and now the walls of the room start closing in.
 Glowing letters appear on the chest that read, If squashed to death you wish not to be, sing of Svaty Vaclav and his victory.
 Walls are getting closer.
 You're ten seconds away from getting crushed. Nine, eight.
 Seven, six.
 Three, two.
 The walls are getting slower.
The walls stop. You're safe.
 Okay, continuing our quest.
 Okay, you leave the room and find yourself standing before a pool of melted snowmen.
 I don't know. What's the difference?
 Fine. You leave the room and find yourself standing before a pool of melted snowmen. There are carrots and lumps of coal in the water.
 You see those, too.
 What are you drinking there? A little eggnog?
 No, it's nice to see you enjoying a holiday beverage. Pretty Christmassy.
 Come on, Sheldon. You know all the Christmas stories, and the carols, you've got an eggnog moustache going on there. Just admit it. You're getting a little Yuletide spirit.
 Honestly, because I had enough crappy Christmases as a kid and I'm tired of you sucking the joy out of them now.
 I grew up in a house full of crazy academics. Instead of leaving Santa milk and cookies, we had to leave him a research paper. And in the morning, you could tell he'd been there because the paper would be graded.
 It wasn't amazing. I got a C-minus four years in a row.
 The drawbridge is lowering.
 You did it. The drawbridge is down. You cross the chasm and find yourself in a small dungeon room. And in the corner, chained to the wall, you see a bloodied and beaten Santa Claus. He says, ho, ho, help me.
 Uh, okay.
 This is weird, right?
 Okay. So Wolowitz and Stuart are paralyzed, Santa's dead, and I picked this over having sex with my girlfriend.
 I can't blame you. Tiny Twister was a complete bust.
 What recordings?
 Hey. Just playing a little Giant Jenga here.
 Well, most of Saturday's gonna be figuring out where to put this game when we're done. How about you?
 Ooh. That's his take on John Wheeler's quantum foam. That should be great.
 Ah, I'd love to, but I'm supposed to hang out with Penny.
 Well, she's not really into that kind of stuff.
 What?
 Are we done with this?
 Terrific. Something weird happened and I don't know what to do about it.
 Sheldon's assistant asked me on a date last night.
 Working it? You can't even talk to her.
 She knows I have a girlfriend. It's so weird.
 To my bones. I mean, I'm not gonna do anything about it. I love Penny. It's just nice to have a young, attractive woman sniffing around the goods.
 I didn't steal anyone.
 I'm androgynous?
 What do you guys think I should do?
 Hey, pretty lady.
 Uh, I guess I am.
 I don't know, just having a good day. This morning Sheldon fell asleep on the way to work, so I got to listen to the radio. That was pretty crazy.
 Mm. I found this quiz online called Which Star Trek Character Are You? and it only took me four tries to get Captain Kirk.
 Oh. It. Was.
 Yeah. And the one thing that could make it even better is an evening with my special girl.
 What do you mean?
 Um, why would I mean Alex?
 What?
 I'm missing something. Did you say something to Penny about Alex?
 Why would you do that?
 At least I know not to blab to a girl about somebody flirting with her boyfriend.
 Oh, my God, what did you do?
 I'm sorry Alex hit on me, hit on me, hit on me. I'm sorry Alex hit on me, I'd no idea I'm cute.
 Please forgive me. I should have told you about Alex.
 Of course not. No. Why?
 You do that?
 Hang on. Are you feeling insecure? Because that's my thing, and if you take it away, I don't know what I'm bringing to this relationship.
 No, I'm not happy.
 I'm sorry. I just never think of you having feelings like that.
 Why? Nothing is ever going to happen between me and Alex.
 Come here. Tell you a secret?
 With all these women chasing me, I kind of do feel like Captain Kirk.
 Sure.
 Message received. Ah, excuse me. Hello. This is Dr. Hofstadter. Okay. All right, thank you. That's weird. I'm getting called in to Human Resources.
 I don't know.
 Sheldon threw us all under the bus.
 How is this my fault?
 I wasn't screwing around with anyone.
 Yes, but I think this is all a big misunderstanding.
 What are you doing here?
 Oh, would you stop worrying about that?
 That's great.
 Glasses? I really don't think that's gonna change… oh, my God, you look so smart and hot.
 Okay, come with me.
 To my bedroom, so I can take everything off but those glasses. And maybe the boots.
 Hey, will you steam my uniform next?
 Oh, thanks, I thought I had more.
 Hey, hey, hey, hey. This is my Comic-Con makeup. I love you, but there are some things a man doesn't share with his girlfriend.
 That was San Diego Comic-Con. This is Bakersfield Comic-Con.
 Well, it's a lot smaller. It's more about the comic books. The way these conventions used to be before they went all Hollywood.
 Yeah.
 Oh, hang on a second. Hold this.
 To show people when they don't believe me.
 It is on.
 I'm turning it on, but just to shut you up.
 What did you do?
 Counterpoint, no, it's not.
 Really?
 Yeah, that sounds fun.
 No.
 Yeah, I'm sweating my bald cap off.
 I'll set the timer.
 What? Hey, hey! Come back here!
 I don't believe this.
 Mine, too. Anybody got any ideas?
 What kind of a person steals another person's car in broad daylight?
 I thought we agreed this was all Koothrappali's fault.
 Look at us, Sheldon. We're the crazy people.
 Come on, let's just start walking. There's got to be a gas station or something nearby.
 Yes.
 Oh, you poor thing, you're sweating. That's so much worse than having your car stolen.
 Please, Sheldon, I am so not in the mood.
 Can I use your phone? Our car got stolen.
 Our clothes, our wallets, phones.
 Uh, we're going to the Comic-Con in Bakersfield. They have a big costume contest. It's cooler than it sounds.
 Okay, he gets how cool it is.
 Thanks, but we've got it covered.
 Are you kidding me? After all we've been through, I just want to go home.
 No, that can't be right.
 I say we investigate.
 Fine, but set them to stun. If we vaporize Penny, I'll never find a girlfriend that pretty again.
 Sheldon, your food's getting cold.
 Oh, this is neat. Think about all the action figures we've bought over the years. It would be kind of cool to have ones that look like us. Don't you think?
 Yeah, so, I'm out.
 You get that these are personalised action figures.
 Yep.
 Hmm. Kind of a strange place to put a picture of you and Bernadette.
 A thousand dollars on action figures? How can you afford that?
 Maybe it's a shipping problem.
 Yeah. Maybe Wesley Snipes and Toucan Sam just got action figures that look like you guys.
 Aw, and my girlfriend wouldn't let me get one. Look at my face. Do I look smug? I feel smug.
 Well, sometimes there's a secret ending, like in The Avengers.
 They could show bloopers. Oh, no.
 That is Sheldon's “I'm unhappy and about to destroy the planet” music. Come on, let's just go to your place.
 Shouldn't we talk to him? Have you learned nothing in six years?
 Want me to make you some tea?
 So, cocoa?
 Oh, teacher! Me! Me!
 Oh, no, no, no, I know this. Uh, hot apple cider with cinnamon sticks?
 Come on, Sheldon, we're going to be late.
 You're not sick. You just don't want to face Kripke.
 128.
 What did you do, put this in your tea?
 Sheldon, Kripke's not smarter than you. You just got stuck on a wrong path. Happened to Einstein. He got stuck on the unified field theory for decades.
 Sheldon Lee Cooper, I do not have time for this nonsense. Now, go put your clothes on, get in the car, and lets go to work.
 How did I do that? I got to remember how I did that.
 Is my coitus whimsically inventive?
 I know you're joking, but I'd be okay with that.
 We don't ask Sheldon things like that.
 All right, we're down the rabbit hole. What are you doing?
 Now you know how I feel when I have to put it on you.
 Ow!
 I don't know why I avoided the Harry Potter books for so long. These are great. I just started number six.
 Why would you say that?
 That was a huge spoiler.
 What is wrong with you? If I did that, you'd bitch about it for weeks.
 Hissy fits? I have hissy fits?
 You are unbelievable. I don't know why I put up with you. You're controlling, you're irritating.
 You know what? Screw you, Sheldon. You are the most annoying person I have ever met.
 That's it. I don't, I don't have to put up with this.
 Aw. Here's what I think of your roommate agreement.
 No.
 I don't care. I don't have to do anything you say because I don't think I want to live here anymore.
 To live with Penny and not you, you crazy bastard.
 Yes.
 What?
 I swear, that man is the most egotistical, insufferable human being I have ever met.
 Well, I've had it. I am done. I can't, I can't live with him for one more minute.
 I was thinking here with you.
 That a problem?
 He's got Amy now.
 Why?
 Harry and Ginny get together?
 Please, the only thing he needs me for is to be his whipping boy, his, his stooge, his doormat.
 Wow. It sounds to me like you don't want us to live together.
 Is it? We're together all the time. Financially, it makes great sense. Can you think of one reason why we shouldn't do this?
 Yeah.
 Great. I'll go get my stuff.
 Oh, could you clear off a shelf for me in the bathroom? I take a lot of medicine.
 What do you want?
 Is that so?
 Cut to the chase, Sheldon.
 Oh, get this, suddenly, Sheldon wants me back because Amy wants to move in with him.
 Well, too late, pal. I'm not going anywhere. Penny and I are very happy living together. Isn't that right?
 Well, if he doesn't want to live with her, then he should tell her how he feels.
 I'm sorry, Sheldon. I can't help you. Oh, spoiler alert, this door's about to slam in your face.
 What?
 Since when don't you want to live with me?
 ‘Kay.
 No.
 Hmm?
 You're kidding. Did you Heimlich him?
 You're a hero.
 Oh, yeah, speaking of work, do you know if you have Thursday night off?
 What do you mean, why? It's Valentine's Day.
 You could be a little more into it.
 Okay, well, this time it's going to be different. Because I am like a romance ninja. You don't see it coming, and then bam, romance, watch out, hearts, kisses, love, ooh-ya!
 Hey, you coming to lunch?
 What you looking at?
 You can't find a card that says that?
 Oh, that's cool.
 From her micro-husband. That is amazing. How long did this take you?
 Oh, wow.
 Oh, I'm going to take her to a nice restaurant for dinner.
 Want to come to dinner with us?
 Waugh, romance ninja.
 Mmm, would you like some wine?
 Uh, where what is?
 Trying to have a magical night here, guys.
 What?
 No, tell me.
 Oh.
 You're kidding.
 I know it's not ideal, but don't let them ruin our night.
 That's the spirit.
 Yeah.
 Two can play this game. Penny…
 All right.
 Isn't it kind of nice? I mean, he was with the wrong person, and now he found the right person.
 You know what? Why don't we just forget about them and enjoy our Valentine's Day?
 I thought we were letting it go.
 Um, it did end happy for you. You're here with me.
 Okay, this is getting a little hard to not take personally.
 Oh, I'm not. It's about you.
 This one does, and you're the reason why.
 Yep. You know what? That was pretty crappy of you. I mean, all I wanted to do was give you a great night, and it's like you-you went out of your way to destroy it.
 I'm not saying that.
 Fine, you win. You're a bitch. Why couldn't we just have a nice time?
 Okay, you're gonna have to make a lot more sense than that.
 Glaringly obvious. Go on.
 Okay. I know I propose a lot. So how about this? I promise I will never ask you to marry me again.
 No. No, no, no, no. But if someday you decide you want to get married, you have to propose to me.
 Yes. It's all on you. But I got to tell you, when the time comes, I want the whole nine yards. I want you down on one knee, flowers, I want to be swept off my feet.
 And I'm cool with surprises. But nothing on a Jumbotron. I don't want to cry on a big screen like that.
 You do?
 Yes?
 Sorry. Maybe next year. I'm just kidding. Romance ninja. Let's have sex. Waugh!
 Don't look under that rock. Raj, you okay?
 Come on, buddy, open up.
 Whoa.
 Nope, just, just, whoa.
 Raj, what's going on?
 Yeah, you can't stay in your apartment for the rest of your life.
 Lobsters overnight?
 The surf and turf sounds good. See if they have corn on the cob.
 I don't know.
 So, Amy, what's going on with your addiction study?
 Why? What happened?
 I'm sorry. That I asked.
 Uh, hang on. Empty your pockets.
 You know why. The Nintendo DS. And the PSP. Now the Gameboy.
 Well, is that all of it? Just set it down.
 She's pretty good, huh?
 She really is.
 Look, I know you guys don't want to do this, but we have no choice. So, you can either bitch and whine or we can just get it over with.
 Yeah, well, it's in our contract to serve on a university committee. And frankly, this is one I believe in. Okay, here we go. Encouraging more women to pursue a career in the sciences.
 Helping women? Y
 Oh, like yesterday, when you made me drive you to the dry cleaners, the pharmacy and the post office?
 You don't think it's worthwhile to try to get more women working in science.
 You mean where they were advanced enough to invent an interstellar warp drive, but a black lady still answered the space phone?
 Yes, I know, you're too smart for this.
 Got it. All right, I'm thinking one way to counter bias in the peer-review process, is for papers to be submitted under gender-neutral names. Like S. Smith instead of Samantha Smith.
 Guys, please don't make this a school project where I'm the smart kid doing all the work while the slackers sit back and watch.
 Guys, our topic is encouraging women in science, can you at least play a less sexist game
 Sheldon, you're always saying how much smarter you are than me. Spend five seconds and come up with one idea on how to get more women into science.
 That's actually good. Why didn't I think of that?
 I wonder if there's a way we could give the idea a trial run.
 That's great, try to set up something for the three of us to go over there.
 No!
 It's nice of your old school to let us try out our science talk on some female students.
 And now you're also an astronaut.
 Okay, who's ready for some science? Me, too. Okay, I am Dr. Leonard Hofstadter. I am here with my friends Dr. Cooper and real-life astronaut Howard Wolowitz, and we are going to show you girls how cool a job in science can be. How cool, you ask? Well, how about negative 273 degrees, 'cause that's the temperature at which entropy reaches its minimum value. Did I just learn something new and have fun doing it? What? All right. So now let's bring out theoretical physicist Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
 Alright, alright. Boy, we are learning a lot here, huh? Thank you, astronaut Howard. Um, I am what's called an experimental physicist, which is super-fun, because I get to test theories and work with lasers. Yes?
 Uh, excellent question. Um, I suppose I've always been into science, you know. My mother and father are scientists, so I was kind of led in that direction. Uh, pushed might be a better way to describe it. To be honest with you guys, when I was your age, I wanted to be a rap star. Like Snoop Dogg, but with a healthy respect for the police. Yeah, no, sure, you laugh. Just like my mother did. After I confided, I was derided and chided, my moms and I collided. She said my dreams were misguided. That's just a little freestyle.
 I never wanted to play the cello. How do you meet girls playing the cello? Hey, you want to come over to my house and listen to me play an instrument that sounds like a suicidal bumblebee?
 Hey, how was your… what?
 Disneyland. Go on, I'm listening.
 I had no choice. He kept kicking the back of my seat.
 Sheldon, come on. It's getting late. Time to go.
 That's what you said five minutes ago. Amy and Penny are already in the car. Let's move it.
 Sheldon, it's, wait, I can go home without you? Bye.
 You know, when I first met Howard, he would pull his scrotum out of his shorts and say, aw, I sat in gum.
 Well, it's just kind of weird how grown up he is now. Happily married guy throwing dinner parties.
 Trying to paint a picture.
 Mm, you know, we could throw a dinner party, too. Maybe even ask everyone to get dressed up.
 Yeah. Although…
 Actually, all I did was invite you.
 I'm thinking you need a testosterone patch. Penny and I just want to do something low-key. You know, cocktails, light jazz music, hors d'oeuvres.
 Hey, where have you been?
 One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. I meant, golly, Sheldon, you've been gone a long time.
 What information?
 Fine, then that.
 As is the company.
 Hey, uh, listen, everybody. Before Howard gets here, et's all just agree to not bring up the letter from his father.
 Same here.
 You know, too.
 When you left, you weren't sure whether or not you wanted to know what was in your dad's letter, so we came up with kind of a cool solution.
 Raj, you're up.
 Sheldon.
 Amy.
 Penny.
 Okay, my turn. Your dad wrote about how family is the most important thing, and that you should never throw it away like he did.
 Bernadette.
 So, which one do you think it is, matey?
 Well, one of them is.
 Yeah, cool.
 Yeah, I think so.
 I was reading about this jellyfish that never dies. Instead, it reverts to its asexual state and then grows up again.
 My point is, immortality is not only a possibility, it is real.
 Oh, my God.
 No. I mean, I'll apply, but I'm not gonna stoop to playing politics.
 Excuse me, but I think I'm just as qualified as you are.
 Yup.
 Mm, not really.
 I just keep thinking about how cool it would be if I called my mom and told her that I got tenure at Caltech.
 Oh, very. Assuming she takes my call.
 I'm not gonna schmooze anybody. I'm gonna let my work speak for itself.
 Thank you. I'm a naive idiot, right?
 Hey-hey-hey-hey-hey. Mrs. Davis.
 Hey.
 Yeah. Just thought I'd come down and start getting ready for swimsuit season.
 Not that you need it. I bet you look great in a swimsuit.
 I've got what my father used to call furniture disease. My chest is falling into my drawers. I'm not, uh, familiar with this model. How do I make it start?
 Right. This one might be broken.
 Got it. Oh. There. Oh, yeah. Yeah, now I'm feeling it. Oh, this is great. I could do this for the rest of my life. Hey, speaking, speaking of things you do for the rest of your life, uh, did I read that you're on that-that tenure committee?
 Well, I'm sure you have a lot of good applicants, I just wanted to say hi and let you know that I'll be throwing my hat in the ring.
 Yeah.
 Go away.
 Well, look at that. Burned a whole calorie.
 Oh, if you, if you like banana bread, I've got a-a great recipe. The trick is in, in fresh ground, I'll e-mail it to you.
 That's enough cardio for me. I'm just gonna stretch out before I hit the weights.
 Call someone.
 Gentlemen.
 Nurse's office.
 Asthma, heart, some kind of attack. I'm fine, though.
 Probably not.
 Do anything interesting today?
 Wait, Sheldon's going to be there? We all promised we weren't going to go.
 I know. I was hoping to go without anyone finding out.
 Oh, that's nice, but it-it's just gonna be a room full of boring old men and I'm not sure how much help you'd be.
 Oh, yeah. No. Thanks, that would be great help. You realize you might kill some of them.
 Well, well, well, Sheldon, fancy meeting you here. I guess the train store in Glendale wasn't having a cotillion after all. And you, you said you weren't coming here, either.
 Do it.
 Way to hit 'em with both barrels.
 Okay, okay. Guys, what are we doing here?
 Oh, you do what you want, but I don't want to lose my friends over tenure. Friends are forever.
 I'm just gonna go home and let my work speak for itself.
 How about it, Sheldon?
 No. We cannot lose to that jerk.
 Yeah. Uh, maybe we were hacked. You know, the Chinese have been hacking everything lately.
 I don't know. It's a fat guy on a Segway. That's funny everywhere.
 You know, if you're trying to make space on the DVR, why don't you just get rid of some of the stuff you've already watched? Like, um, Alphas.
 There is no season three. They cancelled that show.
 They did.
 Oh, please, don't do that.
 Ah, don't. If they didn't want to be yelled at by crazy nerds, they shouldn't have started a sci-fi channel.
 With all the TV Sheldon was talking about, I had the greatest idea ever. It even blows away my idea for a Star Wars themed coffee shop called Brewbacca's. You need to watch Buffy the Vampire Slayer. It is the perfect show for the two of us. It's got action and jokes and hot vampires and romance. I cannot oversell this. What do you say?
 I thought you grew up on a farm.
 So, did you love it? Of course you loved it. How could you not love it? Tell me how much you loved it.
 Oh, don't say cute. That's the worst.
 It just makes things seem small. It diminishes them.
 You can try, but nobody's gonna believe you. I just, I don't understand how you can watch a show that great and not be excited by it.
 Well, then, tell your face.
 You know what? Never mind. We gave it a shot. Let's just see what else is on.
 Well…
 Really?
 All right, cool. I think you'll like the next one better. All the cheerleaders are suffering from an evil curse.
 The Harmony One was fine. We didn't need to upgrade to the eleven hundred, which he knows is too big for my hand.
 Oh, my cute little tushy strikes again.
 Those things can still happen.
 That's a big deal.
 So, does that mean we get to do stuff like talk about cool shows or get dressed up in matching costumes and go to Comic-Con?
 The interface is pretty simple. You put your horizontal X coordinate here, vertical Y coordinate here. When you're happy with those, you press this button.
 Nice shot.
 You're kidding. He's still alive?
 He was the host of this great… Hey!
 It was pretty cool.
 Hire him to do what?
 It would be pretty awesome to hang out with him. I just used awesome wrong, didn't I?
 Do you remember his old theme song?
 Grab your goggles, put your lab coat on, here he comes, Professor Proton.
 You're kidding.
 And he wrote him a cheque.
 Yes.
 Great.
 Well, I can, so shut up.
 Sheldon, you know that if you stay up all night, you're gonna be sleepy tomorrow. And a sleepy Sheldon is a cranky Sheldon. And a cranky Sheldon is actually no different than a regular Sheldon. Good night.
 That's not ridiculous. Good night.
 No.
 Okay, good night.
 What?
 Where is he?
 Mr. Jeffries, I am so sorry. We should've told you about the broken elevator.
 Actually, he's a genius.
 Mr. Jeffries, I'm, I'm Leonard. This is my girlfriend, Penny.
 Yes, sir.
 We just wanted to hang out with you and maybe learn a little about your life.
 That's too bad. But still, working with kids, it must be rewarding.
 Then what is it?
 I bet there are important discoveries being made every day because you inspired millions of kids to pursue science. In a way, their discoveries are your discoveries.
 It's important you know how much you mean to us.
 I'll, I'll call for help.
 You want one of us to go with you in the ambulance?
 I'm sorry things turned out this way.
 It's gonna get crazy.
 I've got my helm of lordly might, my boots of speed, and if things get too exciting, my inhaler of asthma.
 Yeah?
 Oh, that's nice. But relax, sometimes change is good. Uh, you were worried about Zachary Quinto being the new Spock, but you wound up liking him.
 See, Howard's just as good a dungeon master as I am.
 Hey, hey, hey, you can't leave. We just started.
 I push my shoulder against the secret door to see if it gives way.
 Hey, I always did sound effects. A-A swarm of bloodthirsty bats fly through the dungeon. Uh, uh, they attack a nearby unicorn.
 No, no, no, Amy, wait. I know it's not the night you had in mind, but why don't you guys stay and play with us? It'll be fun.
 What's the big deal? Raj bailed, so we could use some extra players.
 So, what do you say?
 Double potion, please.
 I draw my broadsword.
 Yeah.
 All right, Amy, there's one ogre left. Take him out.
 All right, Amy, it's your turn. We need one more hit. Finish him off.
 Ooh! Sorry, I thought you were gonna do that.
 Hey, you guys have been in there for a while. You doing okay?
 Oh, that sounds romantic.
 So, are we ever gonna hang out with this girl?
 How's that been working for you?
 I have a job.
 Well, do you really think I have a shot?
 He knows, wow.
 What do you think?
 Interesting that you would bring that up when I might go work on a boat.
 I know what you're doing. You don't want me going on this research trip because you're afraid to be alone.
 Sheldon.
 Look, I appreciate your signature blend of concern for me and incredible selfishness. If I get the chance to do this, there is nothing you can say that's going to stop me.
 Oh, that's awful.
 So, listen, do you remember when I said the similarities of the equations of general relativity and hydrodynamics suggest you could find the equivalent of Unruh radiation in a large body of water?
 Anyway, Stephen Hawking's team is looking into that, and I've been invited to join them.
 Well, it is. Just, you know, I'd be gone for a while.
 Three, four months.
 Couple of weeks.
 That's the thing, you can't. I'll be on a ship in the North Sea.
 Uh, he's not gonna be there. He's just sending a team to research his theory.
 Yeah. And I'm a little worried because things between us have been so great, and I'd hate to do anything that screws that up.
 Okay. I'll confirm the travel arrangements in the morning.
 I do have to ask you one favour.
 Sheldon's nervous about me leaving. Just keep an eye on him while I'm gone.
 Well, flush Sheldon down the toilet and get me a new one.
 Really, you guys do not need to throw me a going-away party.
 There's beer in the fridge. Anyway, you guys really don't need to make a big deal.
 Oh. Thank you, Raj. I'd be honoured.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I know. As far as science goes, this is the adventure of a lifetime.
 It's not a competition.
 Thank you, Sheldon. That must've been very hard for you to say.
 Yep. I'm really gonna miss you.
 Anyway, we can e-mail, and I think the phone connections are pretty good.
 Would you just relax?
 Yeah.
 I'm covered.
 Calm down. I'm getting out. I have something I want to give you.
 I love you, too.

