 Morning.
 Um, let me just have some coffee first, and then I’ll have the strength to tell you how much I won’t be doing that. (Phone rings) Hello?
 Hey, buddy. Good to hear your voice.
 I’d love to. I’m just about to do yoga with Penny.
 Oh, my God, are you okay?
 Okay. Uh, I’ll, I’ll come get you. What’s the address?
 He got all of his stuff stolen.
 Okay.
 Sheldon, hang tight. Hey, do you want me to bring anything?
 I’ll be there as soon as I can.
 Yeah, he’s fine, he’s just a little rattled.
 Feel like driving to Arizona with me?
 Oh, right.
 All right, fine. Hey, can you think of a reason I shouldn’t invite Amy to come with me?
 Come on, you didn’t even try.
 Thanks again for coming. Six hours was gonna be a long drive by myself.
 Yeah, time’s gonna fly by.
 Sheldon.
 So, Sheldon, tell us about your trip. Where’d you go?
 How were they?
 Hang on. You travelled across the entire country and never left a train station?
 I’m sorry, so you never went outside?
 I don’t care.
 What’s the big deal?
 Well, yeah, it’s true. You, you are a god to me.
 Just tell her.
 Yeah. If you had told anyone that you were going away on a train by yourself across the country, do you know what they would have said?
 Exactly. Right after they said yeah.
 Butterfly could’ve gotten himself home from Arizona.
 And you thought they all had a silver lining.
 Hippos are the deadliest creature. A half-human, half-hippo soldier would be pretty badass.
 Mm, I don’t know. Who here has ever been hurt because they were the teacher’s pet?
 Hey, how’d it go with human resources?
 The kids are gonna love him.
 This might not be that bad. Uh, you like telling people they’re wrong.
 Look, most importantly, this will let you move on and study dark matter.
 Hey. We just wanted to see how your class was going. Where is everybody?
 Well, that’s not your fault.
 What?
 Yeah, why would you do that?
 Hmm. You’re up late.
 Sheldon, why are you doing this?
 No, I mean, why are you going to so much trouble to prove that you’re smarter than Wolowitz?
 You want to know what I think? I think the idea that someone could be as smart as you, or even smarter, scares the pants off you, and you can’t deal with it.
 Might be something to think about.
 Yeah.
 Sheldon, I promise. Your uvula does not have an STD.
 Come on, give him a hard one.
 Okay, next question, for the Butterfinger. How long is a galactic yea
 Yes. (Cheers)
 The Rhombicosidodecahedron. (Cheers)
 We are so smart.
 Right again. (Cheers)
 Yeah, just nice and easy, right over the plate.
 Baseball.
 He’s practicing.
 C’mon now, throw one.
 Now you know why we’re not outside.
 Oh, that poor waiter.
 You don’t even like Yorkshire pudding.
 Nice to see a busy couple keep the spark of bureaucracy alive.
 You don’t honestly think that, do you?
 There isn’t any ranking. And if there were, we wouldn’t be at the bottom of it.
 That’s the part you have a problem with?
 Okay, I got to, I, I, I, I got to ask. What makes you think that your relationship is so wonderful and ours isn’t?
 So do we. And I’ve seen you guys ignore each other for hours doing totally different things.
 Yeah, toddlers do that.
 You believe this guy? He has to be the best at everything.
 Whatever. You can’t even go on a date without checking your relationship agreement.
 Some perfect couple. He won’t even share his food with her.
 I’m not jealous. I just think it’s silly for you to compare relationships like they’re something that can be quantified.
 How ridiculous is he?
 Sheldon, you’re just assigning random numbers to things based on your opinion.
 So, this is accurate?
 Fine. We’ll take it right now.
 What?
 Why not?
 Come on. It’ll be fun.
 Sorry.
 Are you mad at me?
 Um, whew? Is this about the test, or is this about us?
 What are you worried about?
 Yeah, that scares me, too.
 Sometimes.
 Okay, well, this might make you feel better. Uh, we’re both scared that our marriage will be a disaster, and so, that’s something that we have in common. Also, we both think I’m not funny. Huh? See, you’re not laughing.
 I just want to say one more thing about this. Just because Penny and I are very different people does not mean that we’re a bad couple.
 I killed his Chewbacca slippers.
 No, no, no, I don’t want to.
 Because it doesn’t matter. I don’t care if we’re a ten or a two.
 Marriage is scary. You’re scared, I’m scared. But it doesn’t make me not want to do it. It, it just makes me want to hold your hand and do it with you.
 This is fun, huh? We get to see our friend throw out the first pitch, have a hot dog, watch the game.
 On our Quidditch team, he…
 Have you guys heard about this research team that’s trying to transgenically manipulate chicken DNA to create some sort of chicken dinosaur?
 Yeah. I’m excited to finally meet your girlfriend.
 Yeah, you didn’t lose anyone when you met Amy. Yeah, well, no, this study refers to romantic partners. Not the way I would categorize the two of us.
 I’ve seen him do it. It’s not romantic.
 What happens if she doesn’t like us?
 Nice to finally meet you, too.
 Wow, Raj, you were not lying about her.
 Okay, him I believe because he’s an 80-year-old man in a 15-year-old’s tee shirt. But you’re just upset about Stuart and your mom and all their HBOs.
 Why? Because they won’t get off your lawn? Is Stuart trying to get a loan, or, or find investors?
 Hey, here’s a thought. Why don’t we put up the rest of the money that Stuart needs?
 It’s kind of a dream come true.
 It’s not that bad.
 Oh, kids buy comic books. It would be great to figure out a way to get more kids in the store.
 Hold on. So, your idea is to get a van and cruise the streets looking for kids to pick up?
 And are you gonna use candy to lure them in?
 Why say it?
 Uh, do you know how Penny told Raj he should have left her off his list?
 Well, do you think when she and I had that conversation, she left people off her list?
 Why?
 Will you stay out of this?
 That’s true.
 Why are you even part of this conversation? You don’t know anything about women.
 There’s something I wanted to run past you.
 Mm, the guys and I were thinking about investing in Stuart’s comic book store. Is that okay?
 Well, you know, we’re engaged, and it’s kind of a big deal financially. It seems like something we should talk about.
 Yeah.
 I know. I was looking forward to it.
 Yeah.
 We had that idea years ago. How come we never did anything with it?
 That’s not what happened.
 Penny is not the reason I didn’t pursue that idea.
 I think someone owes me an apology.
 Well, maybe we have lost our focus.
Like our own science retreat.
 Then we’ll go to a hotel.
 Fine. Then we’ll just stay here and do it.
 You would go to a beach house?
 Hey. So, the guys and I are talking about having kind of a science retreat this weekend. I just wanted to know if that’s okay. You and I had talked about going to brunch on Sunday.
 They seem okay with it.
 Hey.
 Okay, let’s focus. The girls are gone, we have 48 hours. There are no distractions. Let’s change the world.
 Guys, in 30 seconds, we went from let’s change the world to let’s watch TV.
 I, I think I still have it.
 Ah, here it is. Whoa. I haven’t looked at these in years. Robot girlfriend.
 Robot prostitute.
 Okay, let’s just skip all the inventions you can have sex with. All right, no, here we go, ergonomic heated seat cushion.
 You know, let’s just come up with something new.
 How cool would that be if we could make one of those a reality?
 Well, it’s, it’s possible at absolute zero, but we would have to remove the temperature restrictions.
 This is Hot Tub Time Machine all over again. If future Biff goes back to 2015 right after he gives young Biff the almanac, he could get back to the 2015 with Marty and Doc in it. Because it wasn’t until his 21st birthday that 1955 Biff placed his first bet.
 What do you mean?
 Had will have placed?
 Okay, so, it wasn’t until his 21st birthday that Biff had will have placed his first bet and made his millions. That’s when he altered the timeline.
 Wait. Is brought right?
 I don’t know. You did it to me.
 Guys.
 Guys, what are we doing? We sent the girls away so we could focus.
 All right.
 So, I’ve been thinking about the hover boards, and maybe there’s a way we could use Maglev technology.
 I’m sure Mrs. Florida’s walking funny. Can we get back to work?
 Some psychologists perform operant conditioning with punishment. Maybe we can come up with a punishment for straying off topic.
 If only we had one.
 Okay, so we agree, whenever someone takes us off topic they get their arm hair yanked off.
 All right, now, one benefit of quantum coupling…
 I think it’ll be pretty clear. If not, we’ll take a vote. Oh, and also…
 We didn’t have to, that was clearly a tangent. Now come on. Back to work. If we’re leaning towards quantum coupling… Aah! Why?
 Thank you. And now I owe you one.
 Everyone stop. This was a stupid idea. Negative reinforcement isn’t working.
 No.
 Look. We keep procrastinating. We saw Back to the Future II, pigeons playing ping-pong, a bunch of countries that look like genitals and one guy whose genitals look like Denmark.
 It’s late. We’ve wasted hours. Can we please find it in ourselves to do any amount of work tonight?
 So you’re, you’re saying we should stand here in my lab on a Saturday night and watch the rest of Ghostbusters on a crappy laptop?
 Ghostbusters!
 It really does hold up.
 She doesn’t flirt with doctors.
 Yeah, I’ve read about that, they’re sending research teams down into abandoned salt mines.
 I think what Penny meant is, the thought of you two in a mine is kind of funny, it’s like a cat riding a Roomba.
 Yeah, it’ll help them get away when they see a g-g-ghost.
 So, one of my favourite video games of all time is called Shadow of the Colossus, and it was only for PlayStation 2, but then they came out with a new version for PS3 with better graphics. I finally got the chance to play it, and for some reason, it just wasn’t as good as the first one. Or something about yoga.
 Well, I was just saying that there was this video game…
 Hmm.
 Huh. What is this?
 The one I gave you?
 Uh, yeah.
 Nothing.
 You’re right.
 Doesn’t sound that bad.
 Aw, oh, thank you. That is so sweet.
 You know what, you don’t have to give me this. You keep it.
 The car was a gift, it was something you needed. I was happy to help you out.
 Well, this is silly, so you don’t need the car, but you could use it to buy yourself something else, like a new purse to put all this money in.
 I know, and I’m proud of you, but that doesn’t mean I can’t do something nice. Like this.
 I don’t, either.
 Sure. In my mind, that broke the tension with comedy and led to sex.
 Hey, you got a sec?
 I was hoping we could talk about the money again.
 No, no, no, no, hear me out. I know things got a little weird last night.
 Well, I think I came up with a pretty good solution.
 Why don’t we just put the money in a joint account? It’ll be our first money together. We can use it for the wedding, the honeymoon, whatever.
 Yeah, of course you do, I’m not just a genius in bed. You sure are, baby.
 I want you to know I get why you don’t want the money, you’ve got this new job, you’re excited about being financially independent, and I am nothing but proud of you.
 What?
 Hmm. Maybe. Or maybe I tried to do something nice and maybe you had a problem with it because of your control issues.
 Maybe.
 Well, I can’t believe you’d say that. You know how insecure I am about my insecurities.
 Yeah, I’m sorry, too. We’re about to share the rest of our lives together. It’s our money, who cares who has it?
 Thanks again for having us.
 Well, nailed it.
 Like I would swing with him.
 She made him a chore chart.
 I usually don’t like lemon bars, but these, these are really good.
 Yeah. It just makes it a lot harder to pretend it never happened.
 What?
 Not a problem. I grew up with a mother who emasculated my father financially and in every other aspect of his life, so really, it’s what I think love looks like.
 Yeah I don’t want something dumb like money to come between us.
 Should we go?
 I’ve never done it on a big old pile of cash before. Me neither, Leonard. It’s my first time, too.
 Great timing, food just got here.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 No, but you can have mine.
 What? Why didn’t you say that first?
 Can I help you?
 May I ask why?
 Okay, um, look, I’m pretty sure she didn’t wink at you.
 I got it, I got it. Listen, um, I think there’s been a misunderstanding. See, Penny is my fiancée.
 I think so.
 Excuse me?
 Thank you. Sorry.
 He tried to score with Penny.
 Wow.
 Ooh.
 That is amazing. How long have you been collecting?
 Sure.
 Oh. Well, you know, just being myself, really.
 I don’t know that I’d call myself an infection.
 Can we please change the subject?
 Ah, that’s a good question. Apparently someone was being awfully flirty while not wearing their engagement ring, causing another someone to show up here thinking the first someone might be available.
 Can we talk in private?
 I’ll be right back.
 So, uh, what’s the deal? You take off your ring when you go to work?
 Why?
 Oh, he was upset. So Sheldon invited him in for a hot beverage.
 No. I got upset. And Sheldon made me a beverage, too.
 A little, but he’s basically harmless. He’s actually kind of a nice guy.
 Why am I the one that has to get rid of him?
 All right, I’ll get rid of him. But you owe me one.
 Yeah, sure. You owe me.
 Oh, my God.
 Wow, Donkey Kong. This, this was my game when I was a kid.
 No, because I liked it.
 What?
 Next game, let’s switch helmets.
 I wonder where Dr. Lorvis is. He’s been gone a while.
 Uh, guys, we’re locked in here.
 Oh-hom yeah.
 Next level.
 Better than okay. I am having the game of my life.
 Got it.
 Just hang on.
 Oh, hey, oh, we ran into your mom at Benihana last night.
 I know you-you don’t want to hear it, but she was there with Stuart.
 Don’t rule out the dating.
 But the gibbon doesn’t know what it’s categorized as. It doesn’t even know it’s called a gibbon.
 Hey, where’s Bernadette?
 Let me guess, you think the whole idea is lame?
 Hmm, to be honest, it’s kind of a dream come true to go to even a fake prom with a woman as beautiful as you.
 What?
 You know, if you’re not gonna learn how to do this, they make some pretty good clip-ons.
 Bruce Wayne doesn’t make his roommate tie it for him.
 There, perfect.
 I thought you were gonna pretend to be an alien.
 Was that a flask?
 You’re gonna put alcohol in the punch?
 If you had ripped jeans and a leather jacket, you’d be like the toughest kid on the Disney Channel. So, anything else planned for tonight?
 And while you’re at it, I know that at this age your hormones are raging, but just because all your friends are having sex doesn’t mean you have to.
 You know, ’cause, ’cause a lot of people lose their virginity on prom night.
 Just relax, it’s a joke. You don’t have hormones.
 Wow, you look amazing.
 Oh, it’s a scaly genital organ that grows between his shoulder blades. Try not to touch it when you’re dancing.
 He’s right, I was thinking of the lower flermin.
 Oh, the girls really did a nice job.
 What makes you think I didn’t go to my prom? I went.
 I took a little lady I like to call loneliness.
 Oh, it’s all right. We ended up having a threesome with her friend humiliation, so…
 No, you wouldn’t have.
 It was before my growth spurt.
 Very funny.
 I would have asked you. In my head. On the way home. While I was having a good cry.
 There’s no music.
 My God, who’s the dork now? Thank you for wearing your flats.
 Look at me. Dancing with the prettiest girl at the prom.
 I sent them a bikini shot of you years ago. This is nice. I kind of wish no one else was coming.
 Oh, not fun. The doctor shoved a camera up into my sinuses.
 Yeah. It’s a deviated septum. The surgery to correct it is simple. He’s gonna do it next week.
 Because I can’t breathe. I snore, I get sinus infections.
 Sheldon, I’m gonna get the surgery, it’s no big deal. End of story.
 Thank you.
 I think you could give a better clue.
 Okay, why?
 If it helps you sleep, then why are you sitting here staring at me like the albino boogeyman?
 What’s your problem?
 It sounds like either way, I finally get some rest.
 I told you, there’s nothing to worry about.
 Buddy, wh, do you realize that that also means 699,999 people don’t die?
 Hey. What’re you working on?
 Yeah?
 Great timing. My check sphincter light just went on.
 I’m not allergic to latex.
 For the same reason I don’t wear the apron or the hair net.
 I don’t have epilepsy, either.
 Sheldon, do you realize that driving is riskier than surgery?
 Buddy, I, I get that you’re worried about me and I, I appreciate that, but I’m not going to die.
 Well, I do know that it won’t be from an asteroid strike.
 If there was an asteroid strike, wouldn’t you die, too?
 Tell you what, the surgery’s not for a week, I’ll think about it.
 The doctor said I should be out of surgery by ten.
 He was so busy figuring out how many parts per million of urine we’d be floating around in, he didn’t even question it.
 How is it my fault?
 Okay, first of all, the surgery was a success, and secondly, I didn’t even want you there.
 Sheldon, I’m sorry I didn’t tell you about the surgery, but you were worried about nothing.
 I never thought I’d say these words, but come on, nose spider.
 You were so worried that you smashed your face trying to check on me. You love me.
 Oh, what’d you get?
 That’s funny. Boy, I’m gonna miss these painkillers.
 I don’t think he had a family.
 I know. You can spend your whole life working, and at the end all that’s left are some papers in a box.
 Hey. Hey, we’re supposed to look through all this stuff before we throw it away in case it’s important.
 It still feels weird just throwing away his work like this.
 That someone was Sheldon, and the day was yesterday. Hey, look at this. Dear Roger, to be opened upon your first great discovery. Love, Mom. Wow, look at the date. He saved this fifty years and never got to open it.
 Look at these notebooks. They’re full of pages and pages of data. He clearly spent years on this.
 Well, but what if this was a potential breakthrough for him? What if, what if this is the thing that would’ve finally let him open that bottle of champagne?
 This has to mean something.
 Well, maybe we can get some time on the supercomputer.
 Oh, we could run a pattern-matching algorithm against well-known unsolved physics problems.
 Because you don’t know how to do cryptanalysis, do you?
 I think if you’re pulling up your pants, you’re not a doorman. (Knocks)
 Uh, I’ve been looking for a Professor Sharpe?
 Hi. We’re from the university. We’re trying to get some information about Professor Abbott.
 Any chance you know what it is?
 Really?
 So, was there anything that Professor Abbott worked on during his life that came close to an accomplishment?
 Well, that’s it. That’s the end of Roger Abbott.
 I still keep thinking about how an entire life can seemingly amount to nothing.
 That’s a nice way of looking at it.
 You know what? This bottle was meant to celebrate an achievement. Let’s make a pact. When one of us gets their first big breakthrough, we’ll celebrate by opening this bottle of champagne and toasting Professor Abbott.
 Then, of course, rubbing our success in Sheldon’s face.
 Hey.
 How come you’re up so late?
 Mm. I know how you feel. I spent the day throwing out a man’s entire career, and all that’s left is an old bottle of champagne and a naked lady pen that Raj took when he thought no one was looking.
 Sad?
 Yeah. What did they say?
 Congratulations.
 Sheldon, that wasn’t for you.
 Why not?
 You know the best part of working in the clean room? No allergies. Check it out. Oh, that, that, that’s a lot of oxygen.
 Can you believe there was a time when we would have needed an array of giant Cherenkov telescopes to detect cosmic particles? And here we are building our own multi-wire detector like a couple of badasses.
 Ladies do love a man dressed like a kitchen garbage bag. Oh, no.
 You shut the loading doors, right?
 Do you know what a disaster this is?
 What do we do? Should we call someone?
 Okay, how do we catch it?
 It’s not a moth.
 Okay, so if I remain calm, I’ll get more gems like turn off the lights?
 A Slim Jim?
 Sure. If the pigeon’s stoned or a trucker.
 I told you my plan. Let’s call Building Services and get help.
 No, admit that you contaminated the clean room.
 Because you do this kind of thing all the time, and then you try to cover it up.
 What about when you flipped the Mars Rover, or lost Koothrappali’s dog, or almost drove off with that baby?
 Fine, put the Slim Jim in the garbage bag.
 I can try, but your plan has the words garbage bag and Slim Jim in it.
 Oh. Genius here wants to catch a bird with a garbage bag and a Slim Jim.
 And you found somebody you could push around?
 No, no, no. No, Raj, go ahead, say what you were gonna say.
 Okay. On the count of three, I’ll shoot the fire extinguisher and get him airborne. Howard, you wave the blanket and guide him towards the exit. Raj, you hold open the curtain so he can fly out.
 Do you want the fire extinguisher?
 Great. Here you go.
 You miss the blanket now, don’t you?
 Relax, it wasn’t your fault.
 Uh, guys, I found an article here that says you can do CPR on birds.
 I’m not doing it. You killed him, you do it.
 Okay. Mouth over beak and light chest compressions.
 Anything?
 Wait, wait, his wing moved.
 No, we’re both to blame. You know, let me take the heat on this one.
 Hey. I’m sorry, we’re still here. Is everything okay?
 I don’t know. There’s still a bird in here. We are gonna get in a ton of trouble.
 No, our names are on the sign-in sheet.
 I can’t do that.
 She says take our names off the sign-in sheet and leave.
 Yeah.
 Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way. Oh, what fun it is to ride in a one-horse open sleigh, hey.
 I thought you hate giving gifts.
 Well, I’d like to be green, but you know you always take it.
 Blue and yellow make green.
 No.
 Yes.
 No.
 No, no, no, come on, don’t leave. Just try it.
 You know, they really have tried to like a lot of the same stuff we’re into.
 You got it, you girls are in charge.
 Thank you.
 Hang on, why do we have to hate it?
 I did not force you to go to that.
 I wasn’t gonna get beat up.
 Now you’re helping them find ways to make us miserable?
 Ah, interesting, we’re being accused of making you do things you don’t like, and here you are, doing the same thing to poor Amy.
 That’s what I was doing.
 Well, yeah.
 This isn’t so bad.
 Uh, I’ve got some bad news. There’s no cell service in here.
 That’s true.
 Sheldon, it’s fine.
 Okay. And to defend, I roll two sixes. I win.
 I don’t know, but the girls do a lot for us. It’s the least we can do.
 Look at you, being all mature.
 I, I’m sorry? You make compromises for me?
 On Earth? In our lives? That, that, that we’re living?
 That is not a compromise. A compromise is me driving you everywhere because you refuse to learn how.
 What? Then. then why don’t you do it?
 Is it my turn to talk about the compromises I make?
 Because of you, I’m not allowed to adjust the temperature in my own home. I’m not allowed to whistle. I don’t wear shoes that might squeak.
 Sheldon, do you realize I don’t live with the woman I love because of you? No other reason. Just you.
 Yes, it’s true. The last time I brought it up, you had an emotional breakdown and got on a train and ran away.
 You have no idea how much you inconvenience the lives of everyone around you. It’s exhausting.
 Sheldon, I, I’m sorry if I hurt your feelings. I’ve been holding a lot of this in for a while.
 Do you mean that?
 Come on, don’t get upset.
 Sheldon.
 I’m not leaving your world. I’m just talking about living across the hall.
 Buddy.
 Everything’s fine. We just started talking about living arrangements.
 All right. How about we start with two nights a week I live with Penny?
 Okay.
 You got it.
 I thought this was gonna be boring, but it’s actually kind of fun.
 Yeah, it looks great.
 Well, roomie, it’s only one night a week, but it’s a start.
 Yeah, I’m proud of him, too.
 Okay, we’re headed out, see you later.
 Yeah, sure.
 Hello, can you hear me? Sheldon, I haven’t changed the filter in the water pitcher in two years.
 Your George Lucas autograph is really a me autograph.
 Ooh, and one time when you were asleep, Amy totally took off her… and that’s why you’re the best roommate ever.
 I don’t want to talk about it. There, the place is all yours.
 Bye.
 Hey, we’re home. Any progress?
 What are you doing? It’s time to go.
 Ah, you’re upset because you spent the whole night working on dark matter and didn’t make a breakthrough, and now you’re worried you made a huge mistake switching fields, and you’re gonna sit around and sulk all day?
 Call me if you need anything.
 Sure.
 Cinnamon. Give me another one.
 We all got the Christmas card, Cinnamon.
 Ooh, Emily. I heard him say that to Emily. Hey, I thought you were staying home.
 That is a tough one. Uh, I know he brushes both of them.
 So you just want us to disagree with whatever you say?
 Howard’s right, that’ll never work.
 Because it is what you want, and it’s not what you said.
 What is going on?
 Well, at least listen to it through headphones. I’m trying to sleep. Good night.
 That can’t be much fun for Amy. You know, at work today, he tried his first Red Bull.
 He chased a squirrel around the quad for a while and then threw up in my car.
 You didn’t have to scoop vomit out of your glove compartment.
 Here we are.
 You lie down, he’ll be here in a minute.
 Maybe in the morning.
 Little ball of fur.
 Purr, purr, purr.
 You know, he can be a lot of trouble, but when I see him lying here asleep like this, I just think how easy it would be to hold a pillow over his face.
 I turned on the heat in my car and some vomit came out, so my levels, right up there.
 Yeah, sure.
 Wow, you remember that?
 You know, when you talk like that, I want to take you right here on this table.
 Well, it’s tricky working with superfluids. Whatever container you put them in, they kind of creep up the sides and crawl out all on their own.
 Exactly, except you don’t have a lunatic running around, yelling, I fed you sugar water, why are you biting me? Come on, this is boring, you really want to talk about this?
 Okay, well, this is cool. Uh, there’s a thing called superfluid vacuum theory, where empty space is imagined as a superfluid with all of its qualities, viscosity, density, surface tension…
 No, no. People don’t talk about surface tension. If you imagine our three-space as the surface of an N-dimensional superfluid bubble… This is exciting. This is really exciting. I have to go find Sheldon.
 Which means a spherical multidimensional superfluid shows the same negative-energy density as space-time. So what do you think? What do you think? So what do you think?
 What? Is it wrong? Have you seen it somewhere else?
 I know this isn’t my area, and I could never do the math like you can, but could this be something?
 No one told you to taste them. Come on, is, is this good or not?
 Really?
 You do? You’re not messing with me?
 You’re giving me a sticker?
 I’m not a preschooler.
 I earned this. Back off.
 You’re still awake?
 You worked out all the math.
 You wrote a paper on my idea?
 When did my idea become our idea?
 This is good. Our idea is really good.
 You know, if no one’s thought of this, yet, this could be a big deal.
 Wow, it’s all happening so fast. Should we just sleep on it?
 You’re sure it’s good?
 Okay, partner, let’s do it.
 One, two three.
 Click.
 Well, we did it.
 Is your tongue blue?
 Sheldon, this is superfluid helium. Put this in your mouth, your tongue will freeze and break off.
 No.
 Really? What’d they say?
 Let me see, let me see. One calls it insightful and innovative. We’re insightful and innovative.
 Oh, the pleasure is mine, Mr. Innovative. Uh, another one says the concept shows some real out-of-the-box thinking. Do you hear that, Mr. Out-Of-The?
 Okay, okay. Uh, the analogy between space-time and a supercooled fluid is either meaningless or false. I wish this blog would devote itself to real science instead of wasting our time with crackpot wannabe theoreticians in a rush to publish.
 It’s anonymous, and user name General Relativity.
 Uh, don’t lower yourself to their level.
 Sheldon, my name’s on that paper, too. There’s no upside to doing this.
 Upon review, I’ve changed my mind about the Cooper-Hofstadter hypothesis that space-time is like a superfluid. In fact, it’s inspired me to come up with my own theory. Maybe space-time is like two clowns with their heads in a bucket, much like Cooper and Hofstadter.
 Do it.
 Somebody else do it.
 Well, maybe we shouldn’t have sunk to his level.
 Read it back one more time.
 And you don’t think that’s too rough?
 Do you really want him to write back?
 Me-wow.
 What did you write?
 What does that mean?
 Are you crazy? You don’t know who this person is. Delete that.
 Oh, really?
 Never noticed that about you.
 All right, do it. Call him. Let’s find out what this loser’s ever accomplished.
 You really didn’t like our paper?
 Stephen Hawking liked our paper. Said the premise is intriguing.
 And you as well, Mr. Our-Premise-Is-Intriguing.
 You will not believe what Stephen Hawking just said.
 You’re right. This is even weirder than I thought.
 Are you kidding? No, no.
 Yeah, okay, I’m good.
 No problem.
 The place really looks great.
 We know, we know, because burning something down for the insurance money is a crime.
 Why don’t we go get the food for the party.
 Mmm, when really we’re just exiting an uncomfortable situation.
 Hi, we’re here to pick up an order for Comic Center.
 Oh yeah, look at that.
 We’re not selling his tomatoes on eBay.
 That would be great.
 I don’t know. I mean, if he’s not nice, it’s gonna make it hard for me to watch him in anything again.
 He was a jerk because you rear-ended him.
 Come on. Sorry to bother you.
 Thank you.
 Sorry again.
 That would be great.
 Yeah, thank you.
 That’s it, that’s the line.
 What do you think?
 I can’t believe they did that.
 Wait, Sheldon gave me a banana in a box. He was testing me, too.
 And how could a chimp even solve that? That was impossible.
 So you guys were testing us both? What is the matter with you?
 Hey, you okay?
 What’s wrong?
 I’m so sorry.
 Not right now, Sheldon.
 Buddy.
 How are you doing, Stuart?
 If you want, I can yell at you later.
 Let’s have a toast. To Mrs. Wolowitz. A loving mother to all of us. We’ll miss you.
 That doesn’t sound right. My research has shown that it takes three to five years of shameless begging.
 I’m telling you, you can’t create love in a few hours. Right?
 I’ve been listening to Sheldon’s feelings on things for ten years. Tag, you’re it.
 In love yet?
 Well, are we just gonna sit here while they do the experiment?
 Yeah, sure, that might be fun.
 Hmm. I can honestly say Penny.
 I’m in love. Let’s do something else.
 Okay.
 Should we call Howard and Bernadette?
 What’s that?
 Ladies?
 Yup.
 This is cool.
 I’m putting the city names in the grid now. I’m sure that’ll give us the code to the safe.
 Yup. Got the code.
 Which book are we looking for?
 Here it is. There’s a black light.
 I bet the key’s behind it.
 We spent two hundred dollars on six minutes of fun?
 SURPRISE!
 I was unstoppable. I mean, I was, I was on fire. It was like my mind and my body were totally connected, like, like athletes must feel when they’re in the zone.
 Admit it, you’re a little turned on.
 Why not?
 Hey.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Well, we’re, we’re very happy for you.
 Why a turtle?
 Well, congratulations. Who would’ve thought you two would be the first in our group to start a family?
 Hey, hey. Listen, I, I have a little confession to make.
 No, I got you something for Valentine’s Day, and I was too embarrassed to give it to you.
 Well, ’cause I got it at the dirty store.
 In sunglasses and a hat after I parked two blocks away.
 Yeah?
 Okay, uh, well, I hope it’s fun. I mean, it, it comes with paints, and, and it’s kind of creative and artistic.
 No, no. We cover ourselves in body paint, and then, then we get on this big canvas and do our thing.
 You’re making fun of me. Forget it.
 Really?
 Okay, but it’s a drive, the one I went to is in San Diego.
 I thought it’d be a little more, just more.
 Maybe along the z-axis, but x and y are looking pretty sad.
 Uh, Th, that’s true. How late did we stay up last night?
 Damn straight, almost 1am. And we weren’t even watching TV. We were watching Netflix, like the kids do.
 Yeah. You get the paint, I’ll rest for 30 to 40 minutes, and then we do this.
 You mean this weirdly suspicious one?
 I don’t get it. There’s actually peanut brittle in… Please go to Mars.
 Right there, right there, Oh, God, that’s it.
 Because you wouldn’t let me wear safety goggles.
 Well, we did it.
 I mean, I was on fire. I, I was in the zone, like an athlete.
 So, where do we want to hang it?
 But it’s an expression of our love.
 Seems a shame to throw it away.
 God, I love you. I love you so much.
 Yeah.
 Actually, your name is on the electric bill.
 I don’t even know what you’re talking about and I agree.
 What’s going on?
 Did they hate it?
 So what’s the problem?
 Sheldon.
 Really?
 Uh, that, that’s not necessary.
 Cooper and his team?
 Uh, at least they’re talking about the theory. I mean, that’s what’s important.
 That’s not helping.
 It’s kind of a big deal.
 Can we please just stop talking about it?
 Nothing, I’m fine.
 What are we doing?
 Oh.
 Look, I know shopping cheers you up, but it’s just not really my thing.
 Does it have a camera in it?
 Baby’s listening.
 What?
 What happened? Did you tell him it was my idea?
 Thank you. What did he say?
 Why did he think you’re the lead scientist? It was my idea.
 If you’re trying to make me feel better, it’s not working.
 No.
 I’m the one who thought of it.
 Yeah. But now he’s happy to let people think he’s responsible for everything.
 He always needs all the attention. He’s such a baby.
 I swear, he is never ever playing with my helicopter.
 Of course.
 So, Stuart, have you thought about what you’d do if Howard sells the house?
 Subtle.
Hello.
 Fine.
 Of course you’d focus on that rather than the inspiration. Uh, new salon topic. What’s more important, an idea or its execution?
 No, it’s okay. We’re all adults trying to have an intelligent discussion. At least I am. Howard, what do you think?
 Oh, now he’s a genius? All you ever do is make fun of him and engineering.
 You’re being ridiculous.
 Lots of people also didn’t have that idea, like everyone in the entire world except for me.
 So I’m just supposed to be okay with you hogging all the credit?
 You want some of this? I’ll give you some.
 Right now, I’m just trying to burp without throwing up.
 Yay.
 Yay.
 Oh, I like to laugh. But say it anyway.
 Public restroom kit. Everything a boy needs for making pee pee in new and strange places.
 Keep going.
 If it’s half as much fun as One Times Ten to the Fourth Bottles of Beer on the Wall, I’m in.
 That soy Frappuccino I had.
 I don’t know, um, if 65 billion solar neutrinos pass through a square centimetre every second, given the surface area of this car is about 60,000 square centimetres, that means 3.9 times ten to the 15th solar neutrinos?
 We haven’t been on a road trip in a while. This is fun.
 No, listen, we wrote a paper together. Now we get to go to a university and talk about it? That’s pretty cool.
 What? This road trip just got crazy.
 I’m surprised you know that reference.
 Yes.
 Sure.
 It could be.
 Exactly.
 Making great time. Gonna be there pretty early.
 I doubt it.
 If we do, we’ll just tell him to hit the bricks, see?
 Oh, that’s true. It’s not like we can get in there.
 I don’t think George Lucas put his headquarters in the middle of nowhere because he wanted people dropping in.
 We do have time. I mean, we could drive by and just look at it.
 I’m about to lose control, and I think I like it.
 Wasn’t even that hard to find.
 I know. You want to get a picture?
 Well, so do I, but they’ll never let us.
 No, but I don’t have three years to make that gate feel sorry for me.
 Okay, yeah. What do we have to lose? I’m a little nervous.
 Right.
 Um, uh, uh, uh, we don’t have an appointment, and, and we don’t belong here, but we, we’re, like, crazy-big fans. I mean uh, buh, buh, crazy for Star Wars crazy, not crazy like we have a backpack full of duct tape, although we do have a backpack that you really don’t want to look in.
 And that’s how it’s done.
 We’re trying to get past a security guard, not rescue Zelda.
 Uh, I’m just gonna be honest with the guy.
 Well, what’s your plan?
 Uh, I’m just gonna tell you the truth.
 We don’t have an appointment. We, we’re just fans of Mr. Lucas’s work, and we thought we’d take a shot and see if we could get in and look around.
 I’m sorry, don’t listen to him. We’re actually physicists. We’re giving a lecture at Berkeley later today. We just, we had some time to kill.
 Thank you so much. See? Maybe honesty is the best… What are you doing?
 I don’t know. Maybe they’ll call Imperial Officers to take us to a holding cell on the Death Star.
 Oh, shut up.
 Uh-huh, I’m normally very nice, but you shut up, too.
 We understand. Thank you so much.
 Yes, we missed our lecture, we were almost arrested, and you got me locked in a room with a man who forced his tongue down the throat of a stuffed Wookiee.
 The glass is empty, Sheldon. It’s completely empty. If you gave that glass to a man who was dying of thirst, he would be dead, do you know why?
 Fine, then tell me how I should be looking at it.
 That part was pretty good.
 You did flop around a lot.
 You know, when they were escorting us to the detaining room, I looked through a door, and I’m pretty sure I saw a display case with the Ark of the Covenant.
 I know.
 I guess this could count as an adventure.
 Well, the G stands for graphics. That’s a hard G, so I’d say gif.
 Oh, Sheldon, I’m sure it’s not because they don’t think you’re an elite scientist.
 Look, you can spend the rest of the day being bitter about this.
 I was gonna say or, but why bother?
 Well, you picked a good one to start. Wil’s had lots of great guests. Jonathan Frakes, Brent Spiner, Michael Dorn, Gates McFadden.
 Yes.
 This is exciting.
 Psst.
 I, I didn’t want to interrupt.
 Really?
 Hey, great.
 Oh, if she was with an Indian guy dressed like a banana, that was just my friends, Howard and Raj.
 It really is.
 You have a new job.
 I don’t think you can do both.
 Stay out of it, Kevin Smith.
 No, no, no. We’re not fighting, we’re just having a conversation.
 Give me back that juice.
 Well, what if you get it?
 From a Kevin Smith movie?
 I’m just trying to protect you. How many times did I see you get your heart broken trying to make it as an actress?
 I’m always excited for you. I’m excited that you found this new job where you’re making decent money.
 Wait, twice?
 Like, times two twice?
 I went to school for half my life. I have a doctorate. I’m still paying off college loans.
 Wil, can we just turn off the podcast for a little bit?
 Hang on, if you’re making all this money, where is it?
 What does that mean, under your bed?
 Wait a minute, you have a guy?
 Why would I have a guy? I don’t have any money.
 Wil, I’m begging you, just please turn that off.
 Great, you’re not only more successful than me, now you’re more mature.
 That would be great, thank you.
 Yes, it is, Wil.
 Hello? What is this?
 Are those my sheets?
 Okay. Well, you kids have fun. I’m gonna go to sleep.
 Yeah, I’m good.
 Okay, fine. Sheldon, may I please visit your fort?
 Thank you.
 Really?
 Uh, okay, okay. Uh, we, we get it.
 That’s pretty cool, Sheldon.
 Hey.
 Yeah.
 Oh. When I encountered alien life, I discovered that the key thing was not to sit in its spot.
 Congratulations.
 Are you kidding? Yes. What did you have in mind?
 My mommy raised a gentleman.
 Yeah. I’m excited to help.
 I get it. Uh, just this morning, Sheldon wouldn’t let me put almond milk on my Grape-Nuts because he said it was a theoretical nut conflict.
 Yeah. That’s better than what I did say, which was, fine, I’ll eat them with club soda.
 Mmm, they’re alpha males.
 We could be betas. They’re second in charge.
 Or we could be omegas. They get pushed around by the alphas and the betas.
 Whatever. There’s no alphas here, and this is your project. You’re in charge. How do you want to start?
 I don’t know. Should we call Sheldon and Howard?
 Okay. Great. How do you want to start?
 Well, aliens could only play the Golden Record if they figured out how to build a record player.
 That would be more helpful if E.T. were real.
 My God, when he’s on the table and they use the paddles on him.
 They zip him up in that bag.
 The flower dies.
 All right, so it sounds like we need a way to communicate that’s simple.
 It’s also a problem because we don’t even know if the aliens who find this can see. I mean, they might communicate in a totally different way than us.
 That’s actually a valid example. Animals do deliver messages through scent.
 Yeah. Penny has about twenty different ways of rolling her eyes that each mean something different.
 The most basic sense that any space-faring civilization would have to possess is touch.
 All we have to do is rig up a 3-D communication system.
 I know.
 Yeah, you know what else it is?
 Hey.
 We want you back on the project with us.
 Great. Now that we’re all on the same page, let’s get together tonight and work on it.
 How is that building on what he just said?
 Building on that, I’d like to remind you, I’m lactose intolerant.
 It’s not Simon Says.
 Okay, since we agree on the delivery system for the message, maybe we should talk about what the message could be.
 Squeeze yourself.
 What about when we went to Comic-Con and dressed like Jabba the Hutt? You got to be Jabba’s head, and I got to be his fat slug butt.
 You let a guy sit on me.
 I’m just saying, sometimes Raj and I feel pushed aside.
 Wait a minute. Sheldon spent a whole day with James Earl Jones and never told any of us.
 Sheldon, you’re not in charge. Raj is in charge.
 Okay, we should leave in about an hour. You all packed?
 Nope. It’s pretty exciting.
 How would I be blinded?
 I’ll take my chances.
 Mm, I thought it’d be fun to show her my old stomping grounds. I even know the exact spot where they used to stomp me.
 How’d you get ready so fast?
 Why did you need a belt?
 It gets a bad rap from shows like Jersey Shore and Real Housewives.
 No, it’s like that. Well, I’m excited to show you around.
 Yes. We’ll also have time to put my junk in a garlic press, but I’m not doing that either. (Receives text) Uh-oh. I just got an alert. Our flight’s been cancelled.
 Yeah, looks like there’s a big storm all up the East Coast.
 I don’t think so.
 I guess not.
 Yeah. I worked hard on that speech, too.
 Oh, thank you, but I’m okay.
 Greetings, distinguished cheerleaders.
 Hey, where’d you go?
 Really? Sex last night, pancakes this morning, am I dying?
 A cap and gown? Why do I need a cap and gown?
 What are you talking about?
 Really? That’s amazing. And you gave me the robes to give it in. Thank you.
 Short and sexy, that’s my wheelhouse.
 I don’t think this is gonna work.
 A, surprised you know that. B, I wanted to look like a sexy graduate for you.
 Thank you.
 Well, I’m gonna go put on some pants just in case. But I have to say, this is very freeing.
 Oh. Done and done.
 Members of the faculty, students, I’m excited to speak to you today. I can’t help but remember the last time I was in this auditorium. Two guys from the lacrosse team played keep-away with my asthma inhaler. But enough about my ten-year reunion. I’d also like to take a moment to thank my beautiful fiancée for to helping make this speech possible, even though weather nearly prevented it.
 They’re graduating.
 It was L. Frank Baum who said no thief, however skillful, can rob one of knowledge, and that is why knowledge is the best and safest treasure, wow, I’m boring myself. Sorry, I can’t see any of your faces right now, but I bet they look like this. Uh, you know, I, I wrote an entire speech to say how high school prepares you and what a wonderful place it is, but I hated it. Maybe high school’s great if you look like this, but I didn’t even feel like I existed at that school. And now that I think about it, I bet a lot of you feel the same way. So, for the remainder of my speech, this is for the invisible kids. Uh, maybe you never fit in. Or maybe you’re the smallest kid in the school, or the heaviest or the weirdest. Maybe you’re graduating and you still haven’t had your first kiss. By the way, 19, and Geraldine Coco, wherever you are, thank you. Maybe you don’t have any friends. And guess what? That’s okay. While all the popular kids are off doing whatever, I don’t know what they were doing ’cause I was never there.
 My point is, while you’re spending all this time on your own, building computers or practicing your cello, what you’re really doing is becoming interesting. And when people finally do notice you, they’re gonna find someone a lot cooler than they thought. And for those of you who were popular in high school, it’s over, sorry. Thank you and congratulations.
 So you really think they liked it?
 I don’t know, some time tomorrow morning.
 No need to. As soon as she flies into California airspace, I’ll feel a disturbance in the Force.
 If you could run out and get a PhD, that might make her like you.
 Uh, I don’t know. They’re pretty different.
 No, we’re kind of taking it slow.
 What does that mean?
 Yes, Mother.
 I change my answer. It, it’s amazing. It’s hot. We can barely keep our hands off each other.
 See, this right here, what you’re doing, can you please not do that around Sheldon’s mom?
 Of course not. She’s, she’s just a very sweet and God-fearing lady, and you have to be respectful of her beliefs.
 Thank you.
 East Texas.
 Hey, look who’s here.
 We just spent two hours in traffic. Did you think to mention to me that you liked our paper?
 That’s so sweet, you think I have self-esteem.
 Subtle, mom, real subtle.
 You mean, my hypothesis. I hypothesized it all by myself.
 You still are. Uh, Mom, hey, tell Mary the story about how I made a Van der Graaf generator out of our vacuum cleaner.
 So, Mom, you haven’t seen Penny since we got engaged.
 We did not. That’s not true. Can I speak to you alone for a second?
 It came from Tiffany’s.
 Keep walking.
 Yes, and we’ll get back to that. But, uh, even with your mother here, you are deliberately hogging all the attention from my mom. You’re like one of those elephant seal pups that steals the milk from two mothers.
 Yes, you are a super weaner.
 Yeah, you’re right. That is the term I’m looking for. You are a dirty double mother suckler.
 Oh, don’t flatter yourself. She likes everybody better than she likes me.
 Not once did my mother ever give me any love or affection for just being myself, I always had to earn it.
 Thank you.
 That’s not what it is.
 Oh, me.
 I don’t really feel I deserve it.
 Okay, Mom, let’s get you back to your hotel before anyone says anything else.
 Oh, really? That’s too bad.
 Wow. When does that start?
 Oh, my mother.
 That was really intense.
 Hey.
 Can it wait until I put a Band-Aid on a goat bite?
 I’m gonna guess that your main concern is the time commitment of watching an entire season of a new show.
 I get it. Smallville almost wrecked you.
 Mmm. My pleasure.
 Yeah. I wish I’d fought harder for the rest of ’em.
 We’re gonna set a date.
 Really good.
 And we’ve been busy with our paper.
 Yeah, we’ll pick a date when we pick a date.
 So, why haven’t we picked a date?
 Well, of course I know why. But just for fun, why?
 You still want to get married, right?
 I don’t know. Because we don’t have a date?
 It’s not just the date. We haven’t talked about anything. Big wedding, small wedding, indoor, outdoor?
 Is your dad paying for it?
 Okay, two friends each.
 Fine. I want black-tie.
 Okay. Well, then it’s settled. Small indoor church wedding, black-tie, no butterflies.
 Great.
 Shut up.
 Yeah, maybe it’s good you got us talking about this stuff.
 Sheldon, I’m not a whiner.
 Look, all she’s saying is we are in love so it doesn’t matter if we get married tomorrow or a year from now or 50 years from now.
 Yeah, but we’ll be old and gross together.
 Are you saying you want to get married?
 I’m in. Let’s do it.
 Thanks.
 Doesn’t sound very romantic.
 I’m sure we’ll find a decent chapel.
 I know. You think people are gonna be mad?
 It is. It is about us.
 Right. No surprises.
 Uh, well, there, there’s one thing I feel I should tell you.
 You know, so we can go into this with no secrets between us.
 Remember, uh, a couple years back when I was on that research ship in the North Sea?
 Okay, well, there, there was a lot of drinking and craziness going on.
 Okay, um, well, there was this girl.
 Nothing really. It was just kissing.
 And then nothing. I stopped it. But it still bothers me, and I wanted you to know.
 Did you ever do anything like this since we’ve been?
 Oh, that’s too bad.
 Hmm?
 Well, like I said, we’re about to get married, and I, I want a clean slate. No secrets.
 Would you rather I didn’t tell you?
 See, now I’m confused. I mean, what, what am I supposed to do?
 I can do that. Uh, uh, from now on, this mouth, you and food, that’s it.
 Yeah?
 Right.
 It wasn’t even very good. She was a smoker, I’d just been seasick.
 So, we’re still getting married?
 Because we love each other.
 And it’s the happiest day of our lives.

