 Mm, this one comes with music and flowers. Oh, they even stream the whole thing live on the Internet.
 ‘Cause there's a lot of gorgeous blondes out there who don't believe they can land a short, nearsighted scientist. Let's give them hope.
 If you're not into this, we can do it another time.
 Aw. That's exactly what you said the first time we slept together. Oh, excuse me. Sheldon. Hey.
 No. Why?
 Why not?
 What happened now?
 Oh, no. Seriously?
 Amy broke up with Sheldon.
 No.
 Buddy, I'm so sorry. Is there anything I can do?
 Sheldon, uh, okay, just because you're going through this with Amy doesn't mean that all women are bad.
 Penny's on the phone with her.
 Hey.
 No, I think it's because we're eloping.
 They're running a little behind. Should be pretty soon.
 Hey, if you're hungry, there's a breakfast buffet at the strip club next door.
 I don't think the strippers prepare the meal, but okay. Look, it's not how I pictured it either, but I'm still glad we're doing it.
 You sure?
 And you promise you're okay with everything from the car?
 You're right. I'm sorry. We have the rest of our lives to dredge stuff up from the past and fight about it. So what do you think? Should we run next door and grab a bite?
 Oh, don't worry. They gave me this vibrating coaster.
 Oh, the package that we paid for said the aisle was supposed to be strewn with rose petals.
 You know what? It's fine.
 Yup, just want to get married.
 This is it.
 I love you.
 We're good.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 It's okay. I don't have to say them.
 Penny, we are made of particles that have existed since the moment the universe began. I like to think those atoms travelled 14 billion years through time and space to create us, so that we could be together and make each other whole.
 I do.
 Yeah, I'm so glad you guys could watch.
 No, no, no. Hang on. I believe I'm supposed to carry you across the threshold.
 Who do you think carries Sheldon to bed when he falls asleep in front of the TV?
 I'm okay.
 Thank you. Finally, there's a Mrs. Hofstadter who isn't disappointed in me.
 Everything all right?
 Just tell me.
 Oh, no. No, come on. I have a friend in you. You said so.
 Yeah. Okay, listen. If you're imagining that it was sexy, it wasn't. We, we were both drunk, and she smelled like an ashtray. The boat was moving a lot, so I chipped her tooth.
 No, she had dental insurance.
 Yes. I felt guilty as soon as it happened. I feel guilty every time I see her.
 What do I mean? Boy, that's a toughie.
 Well, no, not socially. But, you know, just at work.
 I wanted to tell you in the car, but you told me to stop talking
 No, of course not. Okay, look, instead of fighting, why don't we dim the lights, um, get naked and make a baby? I was trying to lighten the mood. It's not easy. You try it.
 I asked you over and over if you were okay. Why would you go through with the wedding if you weren't?
 Okay, listen, I may not have been entirely faithful, but you, you are not easy to lift.
 I'm not glowing. I'm upset.
 Sure, let's make it an even hundred.
 I wouldn't.
 Well, I may be a man, but I think I'm the one that screwed up on this one.
 I figured that out.
 Can't believe I'm spending my wedding night with you.
 How am I supposed to sleep? I've been married less than 24 hours, and my wife isn't speaking to me.
 Hey.
 Of course not.
 What are we gonna do?
 Please, tell me how I can fix it.
 Okay, that is the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
 You can't be serious. ‘Cause I messed up and made out with a girl, you're gonna do the same with a random guy?
 What is happening?
 U-u-u-uh!
 Well, trust me, I wish it never happened.
 Wait, wait, wait, how is my day-old marriage falling apart becoming about you two?
 Oh, we didn't screw around. We just got drunk and made out.
 Hi. I'm calling about your marriage counselling services and was curious what your rate is. Really? Um, okay. Is there any kind of discount for length of marriage? ‘Cause we're just talking hours here.
 Call you back. Hey.
 I would love that.
 If you don't mind waiting for a Groupon, we can try marriage counselling.
 Hey, uh, buddy, can we have some privacy?
 Wake up, wake up, wake up.
 What? Why?
 Uh, first of all, you made that guy cry.
 Secondly, I can't think of a more horrible idea than Penny meeting Mandy.
 What, you actually want to meet her?
 I'm not being weird. Am I being weird?
 Fine, you want to meet her?
 How many times do I have to tell you? I have no interest in this woman.
 You guys have any idea how much it costs to see a marriage counsellor?
 Oh, great, there's Mandy.
 That's not helpful.
 Are we done?
 I'm gonna ask her if she'd be willing to talk to Penny, tell her she has nothing to worry about.
 What?
 Hey.
 Uh, do you mind if I sit?
 So, um, I've been thinking a lot about you and me and the boat.
 You know, what we did, when we were drunk.
 No, we just made out.
 Uh, okay, well, um, I got married recently.
 Never gets old. No, no, to a girl. Anyway, I told her what happened between you and me, and she's concerned about us seeing each other at work.
 Because I didn't want there to be any secrets between us.
 What else would it be?
 No, I don't think so. Although, Penny did say exactly that.
 You know, on some level, I've always believed that I don't deserve a woman like her.
 I mean, she's really beautiful. She could have any guy she wants. Which is probably why it took her so many years to tell me she loved me.
 Too expensive. You'd think I'd be used to women withholding their love. I mean, my mother did. I mean, no matter how hard I tried, she just didn't have any interest in me.
 I wonder if that's why I have such a dysfunctional relationship with Sheldon. I had a dream the other night that I was in a cave and I was nursing a baby, but the baby had Sheldon's head on it.
 Okay, yeah, um, do you remember when you accused me of trying to sabotage our wedding?
 I've been thinking about it, and you might be right. But the good news is that I'm pretty sure I know why.
 Penny, after all these years, I still feel like maybe I don't deserve you.
 You do?
 I don't even understand why you're with someone like me. Why would I want to be with someone like me?
 Well, how about we stop being so scared of losing each other and just be together?
 Good. Because I've loved you since the moment we met, and I will keep loving you until the end of time.
 Yeah? That's because you're beautiful, and your beauty fills my heart with love and song.
 Huh? If you think that's cheesy, buckle up. Penny Hofstadter, will you please stay married to me?
 Yes, please.
 What is this?
 Wow.
 Sure. Hey, want to hear a fun fact about mustard?
 Yeah.
 Hey, you're early. The movie doesn't start for an hour.
 What are you talking about?
 When do we leave?
 This was Feynman's van? That's so cool.
 So, are you gonna give us a clue where we're headed?
 India.
 Your house?
 Fun, I've never been there.
 If there was a hidden compartment, don't you think you'd be stuffed in it by now?
 Hey, watch your speed. I hear the Mexican police target tourists.
 Sheldon, can you believe that we're driving in a van that was owned by one of the greatest scientific minds of the 20th century? It's like the Batmobile. If Batman was real and a physicist and his car wasn't cool.
 What?
 And there's your damsel.
 Yeah, this is nothing more than a physics problem.
 Let's see, a lever, a lever.
 We're gonna be here foreever.
 I don't think the lever's working.
 There's gotta be something else we could try.
 Guys, excuse me, not that calling one of the Avengers isn't a perfectly reasonable choice, but we're scientists. Don't you think we can figure this out using actual science?
 They're basically pure hydrocarbons soaked in fat. Let's hope the lug nut expands.
 It's a bachelor party. Lighten up.
 Well, let's start small. We can always add more.
 We got a flat and couldn't get the tyre off.
 Thank you.
 I spent the night in Mexico with Sheldon.
 I still don't understand why you bought that pill caddie. You're a young man.
 It's just where I need them. You know, she doesn't have a lot of closet space.
 Come on, buddy.
 Do I really have to do that now?
 It's harder than I thought.
 That helped.
 Well, it's Thai food night.
 You're right. But what? Mexican? Italian? German? Indian? Greek? Cuban? Chinese? Pizza? Barbecue? Korean? Korean barbecue?
 Oh, thank God.
 You heard him, no.
 I guess. I'm just, you know, worried about Sheldon.
 I hope so.
 No, of course not. I just feel bad.
 I did like that he had the weather on it.
 I know. And it's not like we're abandoning him. Plus, we can FaceTime him whenever we want, you know, once iPhones are invented in his universe.
 Hey, we brought you Thai. Where is everything?
 I know what you're doing. You're trying to get attention so we'll feel bad for you, but it's not happening.
 Will you knock it off? We're across the hall.
 Buddy, I know me moving in with Penny feels like a big change, but it's not.
 Wuh, what about what you said in the restaurant?
 Fine.
 Hey, ready for lunch?
 That'll teach her to care about your health.
 It wouldn't be the worst thing if we were more active.
 Look at all these activities the university has. Rock climbing club, archery, flag football.
 What are you saying? We're not coordinated enough to play sports?
 I got a triple-word score with a double letter Q. If that's not a time to bust out the scrabble dance, what's the point of having one? Hey, Barry Kripke started a fencing club.
 It's indoors, so no sunscreen.
 No gym shorts that can be yanked down.
 Preach.
 What about a game of tag on a French schoolyard?
 I always wanted to be a swashbuckler when I was a kid.
 That's not why we're here.
 This is easy. I didn't need to wear a cup.
 What?
 When was your honour insulted?
 Again, that doctor didn't insult your honour. Just checked your prostate.
 Well, good. It's nice to see your mind off Amy.
 Oh. I hate to say it, but it sounds like he's interested in her.
 Oh, buddy, I get that you don't like it, but it's not really up to you.
 Look, even if it's not him, Amy's probably going to date someone at some point.
 Of course. She deserves to be happy.
 Listen, I should warn you that maybe asking Amy out isn't a good idea.
 And now the crazy version of what I just said.
 Wow. That, that was crazier than I thought.
 I'm surprised you wanted to go to a sports bar, Sheldon.
 If you're cranky and retaining water, I have a theory.
 Maybe you should consider women who aren't in serious relationships with your closest friends?
 Three.
 You're just sweaty from exercise.
 I know it only takes one doctor's finger.
 We should let you guys talk.
 Look at me go.
 What's going on?
 Just tell me.
 Oh, well, that kind of stinks.
 What are we going to do?
 I'd love to, but we need liquid helium and our shipment's on back order for a month.
 That shirt brings out the blue in your eyes.
 Let's go check to see if the university has any helium in reserve.
 Hey, Barry, we're in trouble. We need liquid helium, does the department have any we can use?
 Come on, Barry, there's a Swedish team trying to run our experiment before us. Can't you spare any?
 Yes.
 What are you doing?
 We'd have to go to every Party City in California.
 Who is he?
 How does he get the helium?
 Oh, hey. I just heard back from the liquid helium guy.
 He's got what we need and can meet us tonight.
 The man restocking the cereal shelves.
 He handed you the box directly and called you Stretch.
 Do you want liquid helium or not?
 Then I'm going to tell him we're in.
 We're just bending the rules a little. We have grant money to do the experiment, so we're going to spend it on the helium we need. It's not like when Dr. Goldfarb claimed he bought an electron microscope and he was really just keeping a Russian girl in an apartment in Van Nuys.
 Sure. So, are we doing this?
 Remember? Don't ask too many questions?
 A little, but if I may quote Einstein, the pursuit of science calls us to ignore the rules set by man.
 Done.
 Before I answer, may I just say your skin has never looked better.
 That must be him.
 Hey.
 Uh, I'm Leonard. This is my friend…
 Uh, yeah, uh, right here.
 What ya doing, Skippy?
 Look, you can trust us. We're respected scientists.
 My friend does make a decent point about the money. I don't feel comfortable just handing it over up front.
 I don't think it matters if this is a stalemate or an impasse or a Mexican standoff. What are we gonna do here?
 Afraid so, Skippy.
 All right, let's all just calm down. Nobody wants to report anybody.
 No, no, no. Wait, don't go. Just let me explain. We're physicists, and we're trying to prove a hypothesis that we've been working on for over a year.
 Okay, but now there's this Swedish team that read our paper and they're trying to beat us to our own discovery. We really need this helium.
 Here's the money. Can we do this?
 It's actually pretty common in our field. There's not much you can do about it.
 Will you stop with that already?
 And tipping his hat to the cleaning lady didn't do that?
 Let's just start the experiment.
 We're not getting caught.
 The dealer doesn't care, Kripke has no authority over us, and you being related to a metal container would explain a lot. Help me hook this up.
 What?
 What is it?
 It's probably USC or UCLA.
 Let's not jump to conclusions. A lot of things start with U.
 Listen, we can do the experiment as planned and beat the Swedish team to the punch, or we can kiss our dreams good-bye because we were to afraid to break a few rules.
 Ma'am.
 Thank you for coming back.
 No, nothing. We just changed our mind.
 Thank you.
 You know what? It's fine. Keep the money. We just want to be done with this.
 He wants more money.
 Is Ernest Goes to Jail the only prison movie you've seen?
 Thank you, Barry.
 Can you give us a minute?
 Me neither, but what other choice do we have?
 I promise this is the last time.
 It says right here on Wikipedia. A Mexican standoff is a confrontation between at least three parties.
 Did you hear about this study that found people that were cool and popular at 13 have problems succeeding later in life?
 You tell me, you woke up in bed with one.
 Why is he writing to you?
 I'm the one who thought of Spockumentary.
 How long have you known Adam?
 And what are you getting him back for?
 My brother was mean to me, too.
 When did we get a wall safe?
 When did we get a floor safe?
 There's a security camera?
 You have a will?
 Will Wil want it?
 You bought her a ring?
 Oh, man, I'm sorry, that must have been devastating for you.
 You did go pfft.
 Just like you.
 I know. I also can't believe he watched what we did on that couch and still sits on it.
 Hey, buddy. How you doing?
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 No.
 Nirsh.
 He didn't meant that.
 Well now instead of idolizing fictional characters, you can focus on the real people who are already in your life.
 Thank you.
 Well, he's having a rough time. Amy broke his heart, the DVR cut off the last minute of Doctor Who. That crow followed him home.
 Ah, well, what's this? A pot of oatmeal? Or, thanks to you, what I will now call gloatmeal.
 You're in a good mood.
 What brought this on?
 Hey, I made French toast sticks.
 Ah, I also made oatmeal.
 I don't understand why we're leaving so early for the movie.
 What? I don't want to do that.
 This is the movie that big soda doesn't want you to see.
 So you're actually okay with invading your friend's privacy?
 Not really.
 You just happen to have those in the car?
 By stalking them?
 Can I see?
 I know, but you guys make being a crappy friend look fun.
 Yeah, okay, I see him. It looks like they're having a nice time. I wish I could hear what they're saying.
 Okay, we saw them. Can we go catch the movie?
 Are we gonna be much longer? I really have to go to the bathroom.
 What happened?
 Yeah.
 I don't know if you want to do that, I was just, okay, never mind.
 You really should.
 Well, we're having everyone over.
 Otherwise we'd love to.
 Yeah, poor us.
 I know. I feel so grown up.
 Really? How many grown-ups do you know who have Mr. Spock oven mitts? Hey, the recipes are on my iPad. Will you pull 'em up?
 My birthday.
 It's just the four digits, month and day.
 Let me see. Yeah, there. What number were you putting in?
 You don't know my birthday, do you?
 Well, what is it?
 May what?
 You don't know your own husband's birthday.
 Your birthday is December 2, you grew up on Perkins Street, the last four digits of your social are 7 6-2 1, and the odds of me letting you forget this are zero.
 Next we need a teaspoon of pepper, which, I believe, was also the name of your childhood dog.
 Baby.
 Justin.
 Nice try. NSYNC forever.
 Face it, you can't stump me. I am the king of husbands. I know that you don't like the lingerie that I got you on Valentine's Day. I know you hate the word moist. I know…
 Because it's orange and you think it makes you look like a slutty carrot.
 Sure you did.
 What? I didn't know you had a journal.
 No, it doesn't.
 Come on, don't be mad. It was a long time ago, and it was an accident.
 I didn't even know what it was. I saw it on your nightstand. I picked it up.
 You know me, I'm a big ol' bookworm.
 Well, hey, okay. Let me make this up to you. Sometimes I keep an online journal. I want you to read something that I wrote.
 Okay. Well, then I'll read it to you. It's from the day we first met. Beauty, thy name is Penny.
 Fine. Mmm, Penny's beauty, like our love, grows more with each passing day.”
 Why would I lie?
 Well, you didn't read it right. The new Star Wars is coming. Gah.
 Be right there. Hi, lover.
 I'm sorry about the journal. I want to make it up to you. So I'm gonna let you post a shame photo of me on Facebook.
 Don't want people to see what, huh? A little bit of this?
 Huh? Some of this? And, since it's Thanksgiving, an extra helping of this?
 I'm glad you had a nice time with Amy.
 Since when do you hum songs?
 You were just humming.
 How does your brain feel about calculating the surface tension of the domain walls?
 Well, hum it again. Is that the SpongeBob song?
 Whatever. Can we just get back to this?
 It's just an earworm. It'll come to you.
 Is this what we're doing the rest of the night?
 Which is crazy, since rock and roll is all about good customer service.
 Eh, that just means going barefoot.
 Put on some headphones.
 How does he keep coming up with new ways to be annoying?
 Come on. I take care of him all day long. You do it for once.
 What do you want, a medal? It was your gum.
 I love you.
 Oh, yeah, he got a tuba.
 Hey, can we please get back to work?
 All right, just stop. This is ridiculous.
 Thank you.
 That's a trick question, right?
 Yup, she's right. For every Newton who had a psychological issue, there's an Edison who was just a jerk. That could totally be you.
 There goes our shot at him living on the roof.
 I don't know. It's pretty catchy.
 Well, now that you can focus again, what do you say we get back to surface tension of domain walls?
 Aw. Am I like the dryer sheets of your heart?
 Aw.
 Guys, tickets already went on sale.
 I don't know what to tell you, but they're on sale.
 No, it's Steel Magnolias 2
 Yeah, me, too.
 I'm also really happy, but I can't pretend it's for you. New Star Wars in three days.
 I think Penny has a point. You can see it another day.
 I know. It's still gonna be weird to see the movie without him.
 Hey. We're going to the comic book store. You want to come?
 You got it. Well, Penny might want to join us.
 What do you think about giving Sheldon's ticket to Stuart?
 He's not that bad. Hey, Stuart, got any plans Thursday night?
 Well…
 Yeah, the wait is finally over.
 We will.
 We're gonna have so much more fun than him.
 Yeah, he's on his way. Time for bladder check.
 Check.
 Um, hey, Wil. What you doin'?
 So, if you don't like Star Wars, why are you here?
 Yeah. No matter what happens, we're coming back tomorrow to watch it again.
 I'm really nervous.
 That's true.
 Oh, if anything, I'm trying to get my Sheld-off.
 Hey.
 How was your day?
 Well, did you try wearing the shirt I said was inappropriate for work?
 I'm not gonna make a fake appointment with a psychiatrist. What would I say is wrong with me?
 None of that is true.
 That's just crazy. How would my going in there even help you?
 What if I get caught?
 Fine, I'll do it. But not because of them, because I love you.
 Thank you for seeing me on such short notice.
 Uh, she's my mother. You know her?
 Well, then you know her better than I do.
 Really? Any chance you find them cold, cruel and unsuitable for innocent little boys who just want to be happy?
 No, no, say it. Sing it. Rent a plane, write it in the sky.
 Oh, no, I, I've worked through a lot of that stuff, I'm better now.
 Do you know she never let me celebrate my birthday because being born was her achievement, not mine?
 Right? To this day, I send her a card every year with a little money in it.
 Hi.
 Oh, great. Dr. Gallo is terrific. You know, I, I've always been insecure that no one cares about what I have to say, but she made me see…
 Okay, now, what I'm hearing is that you feel that I sometimes take too long to express myself, and you wish I'd be more succinct.
 All right, well, after we talked about my issues with my mother, nothing too deep, just how she ruined my life, I told her about you and your drug. She said she'd be happy to meet you.
 So you'll go to the Doctor Who convention with me next week?
 Oh, I actually did hear your eyes roll that time.
 Hey.
 Wow, that's amazing. I'm in a pretty great mood today myself.
 Well, we are, because Dr. Gallo made me realize that I'm a worthwhile person and that my feelings matter.
 Well, what are you thinking of naming it?
 You know what'd be nice? Name it after your girlfriends. Show them how much you care.
 Remember, girls, you decide what makes you happy, not your emotionally withholding mothers.
 What is happening?
 And it's gone.
 Good for you.
 Let me refresh your memory.
 All right, here you go.
 You're not dying. It's just the flu.
 No, he's fine. We just needed a little break.
 I wish that all the time. Usually before I blow out birthday candles.
 Well, you know, Penny and I have been talking about taking a weekend in Vegas. Maybe we should all go.
 That sounds really fun.
 No.
 No.
 So, the guys and I were talking about renting a party bus and everyone going to Vegas.
 Yes. And Howard's birthday was a drop-off party, you didn't have to stay.
 This weekend.
 Well, Vegas, but…
 That's fine, 'cause actually you're not invited.
 Not this time.
 He's coming, too.
 Nope.
 Oh, great. Do that.
 Ah, so like every other M. Night Shyamalan movie I've seen, you spoil it in advance.
 Thank you. I appreciate that.
 Appreciate that, too.
 You're still not coming.
 Sheldon, I accept your apology, but you upset a lot of people while you were sick. I'm not in a position to just say you can come.
 Fine, if you apologize to everyone, they all say it's okay, then yes, you can come.
 Well, I hope it's as much fun as the Sheldon Cooper Spell-Checks Local Menus Tour.
 You think they'll still go on the trip?
 They're not going on the trip.
 No.
 That Raj'll be on it before we make it to the freeway?
 Mm-hmm. Well, I would like to propose a toast to a well-deserved weekend of…
 What are you doing?
 What do we do, kick them off?
 Come on, you pain in the ass.
 If I'm going to jail, I'm killing him, not breaking his thumb.
 That someone has a name.
 Fun. Like your Comic-Con Spock ears and your around the house Spock ears.
 Oh, it'll be nice to finally meet her.
 Really? The old Asian man is not your Meemaw?
 Oh, that's nice. Most people her age don't embrace technology.
 Same as when we lost you at the zoo.
 Still doesn't explain how you ended up on the freeway divider.
 Hi. So nice to finally meet you. Let me take this for you, Meemaw.
 Can you please live with us forever?
 She could just eat him up.
 That's my best friend.
 Maybe we should give them some privacy.
 Did it?
 Hey. What happened? Is Amy gone?
 Just get in here.
 He never disappoints, does he?
 Hey.
 Penny and I have dinner reservations that night, but any other time, no.
 You don't sound very excited about it.
 Yeah, just get it over with.
 Not really.
 I stopped counting at four.
 She meant Emily.
 Well, you were right, tears.
 Excuse me. Uh, bad news. The maître d' said it's gonna be at least an hour.
 I know.
 Thanks, sorry to bother you. But I said it like a badass.
 Really? I've never done that before. Does it work?
 A lot of attitude from the woman who thought MC squared was a rapper.
 I'm sorry. You're pretty, I'm stupid. Hello. Uh, just checking again for Hofstadter. Still gonna be an hour?
 Okay. Thanks. Hey. I think you may have dropped this?
 Oh, I took care of it.
 What are you gonna say?
 I don't know if I'm comfortable with that.
 See if you can get a table by the window.
 What? Why?
 It's not what we planned, but this isn't so bad, right?
 Well, glad you're feeling better.
 Is that a big deal?
 Sixth grade, but I wore a sport coat and carried a briefcase, so…
 Mm, you watched The Bachelor a lot.
 No, they're not.
 Ha, ha. You married an old man. Tell you what. Let's do something fun tonight.
 Well, maybe not, but some day we actually will be old, and we'll look back on this night and remember what a good time we had.
 I know. Food fight. I'll keep thinking.
 Let's see. What's young and fun? Uh, we could go dancing.
 Are you actually gonna dance?
 Of course.
 No, I don't need any fish nibbling my business.
 That sounds fun. When's it start?
 Midnight. Really? You know what? Let's do it.
 Oh, thank God.
 Happy Valentine's Day!
 We are young and fun.
 It can be. Confetti fight. Maybe you should take a break. I got this.
 Hey, Raj, I read a couple of guys in your department may have discovered a new planet in our solar system?
 Hey.
 Ready to play when you are.
 What's going on?
 What? Congratulations.
 Why oh, no?
 Relax, there's room for two babies in this group.
 You're the other baby.
 Would an adult refuse to eat his graham crackers because one of them was broken?
 Buddy, I, I think you might be overreacting.
 It'll be fine. People have kids every day. You'll figure this out.
 Hey, you know what we should do?
 Go out and celebrate. But not your worst idea.
 And his tight little pants that somehow did not make him sterile.  Cheers.
 There's no reason you can't.
 That's just research. We're never gonna make any money from it.
 Uh, these are strong, you should slow down.
 How is that a new invention?
 The same reason we don't do a lot of fun stuff. You.
 Doesn't matter. He's headed for the kitchen anyway.
 Yeah. Why?
 Wow. I've never thought about that.
 You may have actually just come up with something.
 I really do.
 I'm not seeing anyone using liquid helium vortices like this.
 Can you focus on what we're talking about?
 I'd enjoy that.
 I'm telling you, you got this.
 You want it, you got it, oh, you want it, baby you got it
 You want it, you got it, oh, you want it, baby you got it
 You want it, you got it, oh, you want it, baby you got it
 Ah, push it.
 Push it real good.
 Probably 'cause you got to see your man up there rockin' the mic.
 Oh. That was really an asthma attack. I just sold it.
 Me, too. So, you ever think about it?
 I think we'd make amazing parents.
 Way to narrow it down to everything.
 Well, where's that information been this whole time?
 I'll check his room.
 One day. Right.
 And we live here, so we have no choice.
 Well, just don't get anything Jurassic. He feels like that whole chunk of time has gone Hollywood. Hey, uh, you know, he told a sad story about how his sister tricked him into thinking Batman was coming to his party.
 Maybe we could get Batman to actually show up.
 Or a real Batman. Hey, Stuart? Didn't you try to get Adam West to do a signing here once?
 Can I get his contact info?
 He is?
 Uh, nice guy. But it was a little weird to hear Batman say don't ring the doorbell or my poodles will go crazy.
 Don't say that to anyone.
 Are you crazy? How can you put Michael Keaton in front of Christian Bale?
 I'm sold, you're ahead of Bale.
 Sure.
 So, Mother, I'm surprised you came all this way for Sheldon's birthday.
 Oh. You had a party for your 60th?
 Happy birthday!
 Speech! Speech!
 Batman finally came to your party.
 Okay, I'd better go in there and talk to him.
 No offence, but I've known the guy a really long time.
 Again, no offence, but so have I.
 Again, no…
 Hey.
 Leslie. I can't remember the last time we talked. So much has changed.
 Yeah, uh, um, Penny and I got married.
 Yeah, well, don't be a stranger.
 Seriously, Barry, stop.
 Sheldon, we've been together so long, it's hard to remember a time you weren't in my life. And believe me, I try. You make me laugh. You make me a better scientist. You make me crazy. You're more than just my roommate, you're my brother.
 Happy birthday, buddy.
 Uh, Professor Hawking, if you just give us one second, we'll light the candles, and we can all sing together.
 Ready when you are, Professor Hawking.
 Happy birthday to you, Happy birthday to you, Happy birthday, dear Sheldon, Happy birthday to you.
 Well, he's a patent attorney. Maybe his tie is pending.
 So what happens next?
 Yeah, we did our own search.
 If we do, I am splurging on the best sinus irrigator money can buy.
 Hold on, hold on. So the three of us do all the work and only end up with 25%?
 Well, until you just said that mean thing, kinda.
 Sorry, but we can't sign this.
 Thank you for your time.
 Well, what if we go around the university and just get the patent ourselves?
 Well, our choices are we do this with the university or we don't do it at all.
 Or, if we ended up making money from this, Sheldon and I could split our shares with you.
 Of course, we can split any profits three ways.
 Sure, we could write something up.
 Once I found a stash of contracts under his bed. It was weird.
 I want to say something obnoxious, but it is easy on the eyes.
 Guys, everyone is involved in thios, okay? Howard's invention, Sheldon's math, my original theory that space-time was like a supercooled liquid. Which I'm sure Penny would've mentioned if she wasn't working on that hangnail right now.
 What?
 Good one.
 They've been out there a while.
 You guys all right?
 What? Is there a switch on the back of his neck we don't know about?
 Howard, what do you think?
 Hang on. Maybe there should be a no insult clause about me, too.
 Yeah.
 That beats the onesie I was gonna get them from baby Gap.
 This is cool. When was the last time you and I built something together?
 If there was a Nobel Prize for Millennium Falcons that fall apart when you pick them up, we'd be set.
 Hey. What are you doing here?
 Soup, sandwiches and emasculation, just like my mom used to make.
 Good. Slow.
 You know what, this part isn't that technical. You actually could.
 I'll show you how to do one.
 After you wrap the body in reflective tape, the ends get Teflon tape so we can get a tight seal.
 Yeah, perfect.
 And it helps to have small, delicate fingers. So don't be discouraged if you can't do it as fast as me and Howard.
 We had a full spool yesterday.
 Well, we got to make a run to the hardware store.
 Well, funny story. So, we have plenty of the 60/40 tin-to-lead ratio solder, but the spools look a lot like the 63/37 tin-to-lead…
 Okay. We'll be back as soon as we can.
 Penny says they're having fun working on the prototype.
 I know. I'm lowering the bar so slowly. This time next year she'll have a coin collection.
 Oh. Sorry, we can't.
 What about the girls?
 Okay, we'll take 'em. But, I swear, if it's Will Smith in Shark Tale 2, it better be at least as good as the original.
 What are we gonna tell the girls?
 I mean without lying.
 Come on. We're a couple of smart guys. I'm sure we can come up with a way to explain this that doesn't make us look bad.
 They bought it.
 Oh, you're good at this.
 Hey, you were right.
 Who are you texting?
 He'll never make it in time.
 Ha, ha. Leonard and I are about to see Suicide Squad. Spoiler alert, when I see you I'm gonna spoil it. You're a good friend.
 Hey.
 Listen, we did a stupid thing.
 So, these are for you, and if you're not too mad, we'd love to take you guys to dinner.
 Whatcha doing?
 Why are you pretending to be outdoors? You hate it.
 Buddy, I am ready to drive you into the wilderness any time you want and leave you there.
 Because he's hitting on you?
 Oh, good.
 You and I could still go and have a nice weekend.
 Okay, one sec.
 I bought a baseball cap.
 Uh, Hufflepuff, from Harry Potter.
 Anything you'd like to say to him?
 Why are you so mean to me?
 I know. Did you see they still have a video rental place? it's like Colonial Williamsburg.
 I was afraid he was gonna eat me.
 So nice of that doctor to just let you use it.
 And there goes our hike.
 Have you been outside in the rain with Sheldon?
 You'll wish it would kill you.
 They have some board games.
 I don't think I've lit a real fire before.
 I could stack the logs conically to facilitate airflow.
 Right. So all we need is to…
 A scientist made that.
 To be fair, good at both.
 I've never played that before.
 Okay, I'll go. Never have I ever been arrested.
 Oh, no, it's like a horror movie. We're trapped in a cabin with a maniac.
 This game's dangerous. I could get you in trouble.
 Well, never have I ever used Sheldon's toothbrush to clean the sink.
 Never should've told you about Alvin and the Chipmunks.
 That's right.
 I don't, I know, but this isn't a big deal. It's just a little savings I put aside.
 What, you mean, like, your massive credit card debt?
 Okay, you have every right to be mad. And what you said is true. You do make more money than me. So I had no right to do what I did. And I'm so sorry. I hope you can forgive me.
 A couple years, but I just put a few bucks aside every month for emergencies.
 Six thousand four hundred and twenty seven dollars. Forty seven dollars once my nana's birthday check gets here.
 No, I do, and that's why I hid it.
 Uh, you have shoes you love, but never wear. I have money I love, but never spend. We're kind of a cute couple that way. Again, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have kept it a secret.
 Is it a secret bank account? Because that would be awesome.
 Really? Why?
 Why didn't you tell me?
 That's not true.
 If that's what you want to do, yes.
 Oh, yes.
 Well, that is the grown-up thing.
 I love you.
 You know, never have I ever made love in the forest while it was raining.
 No, he'd be Bat-Man-Bat.
 But what if Man-Man dressed as a bat?
 No, if a man dresses as a bat, that's Batman, but if Man-Man dresses as a bat, that's Batman-Man.
 I thought you were back with Emily.
 You mean like through their window from behind a bush?
 Really? The guy who for years couldn't even talk to women is suddenly going out with two of them? How is that possible?
 Seriously, that guy's dating two women?
 People are coming over, it looked fun.
 Your attendance implies it's not.
 Oh, Sheldon, we don't need a meeting every three months.
 Oh, you know what? I'm not going.
 This meeting is a waste of time. Whether we make the switch from Post Raisin Bran to Kellogg's Raisin Bran should not require parliamentary procedure.
 You're the only one who eats them.
 I'm not going, you can't make me.
 You have fun. I will not be attending.
 Thank you.
 You're being ridiculous.
 Can you please talk to him?
 Because I am tired of him always getting his way. We don't need a stupid meeting. We don't even need a roommate agreement, and I hope that sandwich does cause a party.
 Why are you taking his side?
 Leave me alone.
 Not funny.
 Oh, of course, because I'm the only adult around here.
 Yeah, that's right.
 And I'd think you'd understand why I'm annoyed.
 I don't want to.
 Stop saying meeting.
 You love The Simpsons.
 Oh, good, go. You know, it'll be nice to watch an episode without someone saying, I read the books, don't get too fond of this character.
 Howard, just come in here.
 Oh, I just ran out of patience with Sheldon's nonsense.
 If Sheldon's testosterone dipped, he'd become a butterfly. Oh. Maybe someone's here to apologize.
 Stuart.
 No.
 No.
 I don't know how you put up with it. He's impossible. I mean, holding a meeting to decide what breakfast cereal we should buy.
 Anyway, Amy, thank you for sticking up for me.
 Sorry?
 Well, they argue all the time. They aren't that close.
 Penny, but…
 I try to hide it in his peanut butter, but he spits it out.
 Son of a bitch. Why is that funny?
 Oh, well, then you'll enjoy this. Bernadette does the same thing with you and Koothrappali.
 She defends him all the time.
 Who do you think told Koothrappali to go to human resources?
 You're, you're right, it feels good.
 You know, you don't need to use Sheldon to get your way with me in a dumb roommate agreement.
 From Amy.
 Oh, yes, you do. You know you have a weird brother-sister-Elliott-E.T. relationship with him.
 That's different. I'm like the little girl in Poltergeist and he's the creepy thing in the TV.
 I don't think so. Why?
 It just said Italian sub. I had no idea mortadella has pistachios in it.
 That's true.
 Hey.
 Let's get out of here.
 Better than watching a guy in a fur cloak ride a girl's bike? Nope.
 What?
 What is it?
 That sounds fun.
 How come scientists don't win free stuff like salespeople do?
 I'm sure that would pair nicely with your fried nuggets of chicken.
 The difference is she's bringing life into the world, and you suck it out.
 Sure. I'd like to meet her.
 Does this mean Emily's not in the picture anymore?
 Okay, help me out. How are you doing this? Do they know about each other?
 Who's Frank and Alicia?
 All right, here goes nothing.
 Fine. Preliminary trial of the infinite persistence gyroscopic navigational system, phase one commencing.
 Good, it's not just me.
 Hang on.
 Oh, I found a scratch-and-sniff book about wine tasting. It teaches the different flavour notes to look for.
 I mostly just smell my nasal spray.
 Since my preschool got a bunny.
 Okay, have fun.
 We're leaving now!
 Hey.
 Oh, so I shouldn't ask her how she feels about being a member of your harem?
 I smell nothing.
 Just a whole lot of Afrin.
 Yeah, mm-hmm.
 Thanks.
 But we won't bore you with the details.
 What's neat is that they can maintain angular momentum indefinitely.
 And I doubt the military would be interested in our little guidance system.
 Way better.
 I have to admit, I've been worried about the military applications since we started talking about this.
 Why didn't you say something?
 Would you like a glass of wine?
 Maybe we should take a step back.
 No, I mean re-evaluate what we're doing with the guidance system.
 What good is money gonna do if we inadvertently bring about Armageddon?
 How?
 Very funny.
 Well, not really.
 Not a lot. I just couldn't start until you walked away.
 I don't think you have anything to worry about. Raj is a terrific guy, loyal to a fault.
 Morning.
 Ugh. Too much wine.
 Hey, did you ever think about the military applications for the guidance system?
 Does it bother you?
 Who are these people?
 What are you guys doing?
 Oh, let me try.
 Hmm, atom of hydrogen, Adam of Maroon 5, mic drop.
 Oh, hey, Penny, do you want to go to the airport with me later to pick up my mother?
 Thanks.
 Hey, Penny, um, since you're already gonna be at the airport, do I need to go?
 Well, I can do without the 40-minute car ride where she criticizes every aspect of my life.
 Hmm, I just feel like it would be a good chance for you to bond.
 I don't know what he's putting on those cards, but you are smarter than ever.
 Seriously?
 That is very mature of you, so I'm gonna go ahead and say, suckah.
 When's the screening?
 Penny's busy with my mother, so I'm in.
 You do realize we're allowed to have fun without you?
 It's not a big deal. Go shopping with Amy, and we'll save a spot in line for you.
 People do it all the time.
 Waking up, wondering which one of those fans stole our wallets.
 You think it's time you apologize to her yourself?
 So, when the aliens brought you back, they just left the probe in?
 Hey, how'd it go?
 He's just joining his friends; it's fine.
 We'd still get in.
 Still get in.
 We'd still get in, but first I'd hit you over the head with his stick chair.
 Oh, please don't.
 No.
 Boy, I wish I could say no.
 Okay, you may have to pretend you're black to get us out of here.
 Buddy, let it go.
 You did everything you could.
 Now, now, you denigrated the memory of a great civil rights pioneer. That's all anyone could ask.
 Hey.
 Oh, Sheldon invoked Rosa Parks to make somebody who cut the line feel bad, but only the white people felt bad.
 How'd it go with my mother?
 Wow. Well done.
 Did she think you were choking or… I'm sorry, that's great. Thank you for spending time with her.
 Wait, we're gonna get married again?
 Seems like a lot of trouble for a hug.
 Look, in our defence, it was kind of a spur of the moment thing, and also, we don't like her.
 I just said why, we don't like her.
 Is your brother out of prison?
 I'd love it if my dad could come.
 Oh, he's like a different man. He stopped twitching, and I think he grew an inch and a half.
 Sorry, but I don't think I need your permission to have my father at my wedding.
 I know, and there's no excuse for that.
 I was wrong, there's three excuses for that.
 Oh, we have to use the stairs.
 Uh, I don't, any day now.
 Hey, I, I know things are a little rough with you and Mom, but I'm really glad you're here.
 Penny's really looking forward to seeing you.
 Thanks, Dad.
 Hey, we're here.
 Dad, you remember Sheldon.
 This is Sheldon's mother, Mary.
 And his girlfriend, Amy.
 And, of course, Mom.
 All right, you two, don't start. Penny and I are throwing this second wedding for your benefit. Can you please not ruin it?
 Mom.
 Mom, please save something for the toast.
 Is that Howard in front of us?
 I don't know. He uses that traffic app. Maybe there's an accident.
 What is his hurry?
 Hey.
 Oh, we were following Howard, but for some reason, he turned off his headlights and went up a one-way street.
 Okay, Mom, you sit over there.
 Uh, I would like to propose a toast to my wife and bride-to-be.
 Penny, I've always known I loved you, but this last year has shown me that I also love being married to you. Thank you for saying yes.
 Cheers.
 Sure, Dad.
 What is happening there?
 My father's not texting me back.
 I don't like it either.

