 Oh, hi!
 Hi?
 Oh, that's nice.
 Oh, okay, well, guess I'm your new neighbour, Penny.
 Hi.
 Hi.
 Thankyou, maybe we can have coffee sometime.
 Great.
 Bye.
 Hi.
 Hi.
 Oh, you're inviting me over to eat?
 Oh, that's so nice, I'd love to.
 So, what do you guys do for fun around here?
 Okay, thankyou.
 This looks like some serious stuff, Leonard, did you do this?
 Wow.
 So you're like, one of those, beautiful mind genius guys.
 This is really impressive.
 Holy smokes.
 Uh, do you guys mind if I start?
 So, sit next to me.
 What's the difference?
 Do you want me to move?
 So, Klingon boggle?
 Um, me, okay, I'm Sagittarius, which probably tells you way more than you need to know.
 Participate in the what?
 Oh, yeah, a lot of people think I'm a water sign. Okay, let's see, what else, oh, I'm a vegetarian, oh, except for fish, and the occasional steak, I love steak.
 Oh, yeah, I'm a waitress at the Cheesecake Factory.
 Oh, anyways, I'm also writing a screenplay. It's about this sensitive girl who comes to L.A. from Lincoln Nebraska to be an actress, and winds up a waitress at the Cheesecake Factory.
 No, I'm from Omaha.
 I know, right? Okay, let's see, what else? Um, that's about it. That's the story of Penny.
 It was. Until I fell in love with a jerk.
 Oh God, you know, four years I lived with him, four years, that's like as long as High School.
 I just, I can't believe I trusted him.
 You want to know the most pathetic part? Even though I hate his lying, cheating guts, I still love him. Is that crazy?
 Oh, I'm so sorry, I'm such a mess, and on top of everything else I'm all gross from moving and my stupid shower doesn't even work.
 Really? Would it be totally weird if I used it?
 Thanks. You guys are really sweet.
 Hey, is there a trick to getting it to switch from tub to shower. Oh. Hi, sorry. Hello!
 Penny. I work at the Cheesecake Factory.
 I'm sorry?
 Okay. Thanks.
 Hey, Leonard?
 Um, okay. Can I ask you a favour.
 It's okay if you say no.
 It's just not the kind of thing you ask a guy you've just met.
 So, you guys work with Leonard and Sheldon at the University?
 Uh, I'm sorry, do you speak English?
 Really, why?
 Wow, cool tiger.
 Uh, sounds interesting.
 Oh, I don't think I'll be able to stop thinking about it.
 Oh, my God, what happened?
 I'm so sorry, I really thought if you guys went instead of me he wouldn't be such an ass.
 Really, thank you so much for going and trying you're, uh, you're so terrific. Why don't you put some clothes on, I'll get my purse and dinner is on me, okay?
 Sure.
 So?
 So?
 Any ideas Raj? (He just looks at her with a worried expression.)
 That sounds like fun.
 Hey Leonard.
 Am I interrupting.
 Sounds like you have company.
 Well, you know, it's the Cheesecake Factory. People order cheesecake, and I bring it to them.
 Yeah, call it whatever you want, I get minimum wage. Yeah, anyways, I was wondering if you could help me out with something, I was….
 Oh. Okay, great, I'm having some furniture delivered tomorrow, and I may not be here, so…. Oh! Hel…hello!
 I'm sorry?
 No, I haven't.
 Yeah, I probably won't, but… Hey Sheldon.
 Hey Raj! Still not talking to me, huh?
 Yeah, yeah, if it gets here and I'm not here tomorrow could you just sign for it and have them put it in my apartment.
 Great, here's my spare key. Thank you.
 Yeah?
 A marathon? Wow, how many Superman movies are there?
 Yeah, I do like the one where Lois Lane falls from the helicopter and Superman swooshes down and catches her, which one was that?
 Yes, I know, men can't fly.
 I'm just going to go wash up.
 Hey guys.
 Great. Was it hard getting it up the stairs?
 Oh, great, thank you again.
 What's he talking about?
 I don't get it.
 Son of a Bitch!
 You sick, geeky bastards!
 Leonard!
 You came into my apartment last night when I was sleeping?
 Give me back my key.
 Do you understand how creepy this is.
 In my apartment, while I was sleeping.
 And what kind of doctor removes shoes from asses?
 God!
 Stay away from me.
 What?
 Hey Raj. Hey, listen, I don't know if you heard about what happened last night with Leonard and Sheldon, but I'm really upset about it, I mean they just, they let themselves into my place, and then they cleaned it, I mean can you even believe that? How weird is that?
 You know, where I come from, someone comes into your house at night, you shoot, okay? And you don't shoot to wound. I mean, alright, my sister shot her husband, but it was an accident, they were drunk. What was I saying?
 It's obvious that they meant well, but I'm just, I'm having a really rough time, like I said, I broke up with my boyfriend, and it's just freaking me out.
 I mean, just because most of the men I've known in my life happen to be jerks, doesn't mean I should just assume Leonard and Sheldon are. Right?
 That's exactly what I thought. Thank you for listening. You're a doll. (She hugs him.)
 Hi.
 What's going on?
 Leonard.
 We're okay.
 Guys, seriously, I grew up on a farm, okay, I rebuilt a tractor engine when I was like twelve, I think I can put together a cheap Swedish media centre.
 Well, uh, it looked pretty good in the store.
 Hey guys, I got this.
 Guys, this is actually really simple.
 Guys, it's hot in here, I think I'll just take off all my clothes.
 Okay, this place does look pretty good.
 Um, no, hi Leonard, this is Doug, Doug, this is my neighbour Leonard.
 Is, is everything okay.
 Thank you, I've got to talk to that mailman.
 Okay, well, thank you, again.
 Ah, hey Leonard.
 Uh, do you mean dinner tonight?
 Supper?
 Uh, six thirty's great.
 Yeah, I like hanging out with you guys.
 You know, Sheldon, Howard, Raj, who all's coming?
 Okay, whatever, it sounds like fun.
 Six thirty.
 It's fine.
 No, six thirty's great.
 Why?
 So are the rest of the guys meeting us here?
 Ooh, my uncle just had a colonoscopy.
 How?
 So, what's new in the world of physics?
 Really, nothing?
 Ah. Well I'm sure things will pick up.
 Oh, uh, not much. We do have a chocolate key lime that's moving pretty well.
 Doug? Oh, yeah, I dunno, I mean, he's nice and funny, but…
 I'd like a drink.
 Okay, well, you know, it's just me. I'm still getting over this break-up with Kurt, and this thing with Doug would be just rebound sex.
 It's just, it's my pattern. I break up, then I find some cute guy, and then it's just thirty six meaningless of… well, you know.
 No, it's usually over a weekend, and trust me, you do not feel good after it.
 Emotionally.
 How?
 Wow, centrifugal force!
 Are you okay?
 No.
 Are you sure you don't want to go to the emergency room?
 I know, but you did throw up. Isn't that a sign of a concussion?
 Okay.
 Oh, no, it's fine, you got most of it out the window.
 Yeah, me too. Um, good night. Leonard?
 Was this supposed to be a date?
 Okay, I was just checking.
 Hi, hey. I'm running out to the market, do you guys need anything?
 I'm sorry?
 Four dozen?
 Okay, one more time?
 Oh, yay!
 How come you didn't go into work today.
 So you got canned, huh?
 Well, maybe it's all for the best, you know I always say, when one door closes, another one opens.
 No, no, I meant…
 Never mind.
 We're fine.
 Oh, sure I am.
 120?
 Well, yeah.
 Let's say 4,390.
 Thank you.
 Uh, no, no not really. Listen, didn't you say you needed some eggs.
 Oh, okay, well maybe you should start heading on out then.
 Interesting.
 No, I mean what you find enjoyable.
 What now?
 Well, maybe that's what I was going for.
 Oh, I don't know Sheldon, it's going to take me a while to recover from all the fun I had today.
 What?
 You want me to buy thirty years worth of tampons?
 Okay, I'm not talking about this with you.
 Are we so sure that's a bad thing?
 Has Shelly ever freaked out like this before.
 What happened?
 Oh my God, this is the best cobbler I've ever had.
 Love?
 Hi, you guys ready to order?
 I'll be back.
 Alright, my boss says you either have to order, or leave and never come back.
 A shower.
 Alright, thank you, and Sheldon.
 Well, it's all good.
 Uh, which one, the Classic Burger, the Ranch House Burger, the Barbecue Burger or the Kobe burger?
 The Barbecue Burger is like the Big Boy.
 Because you are not at Big Boy!
 Howard, I've asked you not to do that.
 Oh, wow, a girl scientist.
 Yeah, you too. Leonard, I didn't know you played the cello?
 Really? I'm actually not that into music. So hey, your friend's really cute, anything going on with you two.
 Oh, that's too bad, you guys would make a cute couple.
 Oh, hey Sheldon, what's going on?
 I'm sorry?
 Okay, sweetie, I know you think you're explaining yourself, but you're really not.
 Well what?
 Oh, come on, you went to college.
 Alright, look, a tie on the doorknob usually means someone doesn't want to be disturbed because they're, you know, getting busy.
 Well, either that or he's lost his tie rack and gotten really into Bryan Adams.
 We really shouldn't be standing here.
 Oh, come on, you know, Leonard's had girls over before, right?
 Wait, you had to leave the state because your roommate was having sex?
 So, do you know who's in there?
 Hmmm. Good for him. Good for Leonard. Okay, night.
 What's the matter?
 Gee, Sheldon, you're asking the wrong girl. I'm usually on the other side of the tie.
 Oh, hey Leonard.
 So, how's it going?
 Just pretty good, I'd think you were doing very good.
 Well, a little bird told me that you and Lesley hooked up last night.
 So, is it serious, do you like her?
 Alright, well, I'll talk to you later, but, I am so happy for you Leonard.
 So, how's everything.
 Really, oh yay!
 Um, I don't know, a psychiatrist? So hey, how are things with you and Lesley?
 Oh, oh that's too bad. Well hey, don't worry, I'm sure there is someone out there who is just right for you.
 Oh, hey guys.
 So, how was paintball, did you have fun?
 Okay, um, oh hey, I'm having a party on Saturday so if you guys are around you should come by.
 Yeah.
 Well, there will be boys, and there will be girls, and it is a party. So, it'll just be a bunch of my friends, we'll have some beer, do a little dancing…
 Are you sure? Come on, it's Halloween.
 Well, yeah.
 Um, yeah, Halloween.
 As usual, I'm not following.
 Sure.
 Fine.
 Of course.
 Anything you want, okay? Any costume you want. Bye.
 Oh, hey guys.
 Late? It's 7
 Well, yeah, when you start a party at seven, no-one shows up at, you know, seven.
 Yes. Yes it is. Okay, well, um, come on in.
 Probably, but in their own homes.
 The parade?
 Oh, Sheldon, I'm sorry but there aren't going to be any parades or judges or prizes.
 No, come on, it's going to be fun, and you all look great, I mean, look at you, Thor, and, oh, Peter Pan, that's so cute.
 No you don't. Oh, hey, what's Sheldon supposed to be.
 Oh, sure, I see it now, the Doppler Effect. Alright, I've got to shower, you guys um, make yourselves comfortable.
 Oh hey, when did you get here, Hi!
 Oh, hey guys. You having a good time?
 Alright Kurt, be nice.
 Kurt!
 Of course not, no, he's not, you're not, right Leonard?
 Okay, Kurt, please.
 Kurt, put him down this instant.
 I don't care, I'm finishing it, put him down.
 Leonard, are you okay.
 Oh, okay, alright, well thank you for coming.
 Hey Leonard.
 Hey, I just wanted to make sure you're okay.
 I'm so sorry about what happened.
 Yes it is. That's why I broke up with him, he always does stuff like that.
 Well, I ran into him last week and, he was…  just, all apologetic, about how he's changed, he was just going on and on and I believed him, and I'm an idiot because I always believe guys like that and… I can't go back to my party because he's there, and I know you don't want to hear this and I'm upset and I'm really drunk and I just want to…
 God, what is wrong with me.
 Gah, I'm not perfect.
 You really think so, don't you?
 Yeah.
 Just…. a lot.
 It might. Boy, you're really smart.
 Leonard, you are so great. Why can't all guys be like you?
 I should probably go.
 Thank you.
 Hey guys.
 No you won't. Uh, can I hide out here for a while.
 Well, there's this girl I know from back in Nebraska, Christie, well anyway she called me up and she's like “Hey, how's California,” and I'm like “Awesome” ‘cos, you know, it's not Nebraska, and the next thing I know she's invited herself out here to stay with me.
 Anyway, she got here today, and she's just been in my apartment, yakkety-yakking about every guy she's slept with in Omaha, which is basically every guy in Omaha, and washing the sluttiest collection of underwear you have ever seen in my bathroom sink.
 He really needs to dial it down.
 Well, she was engaged to my cousin while she was sleeping with my brother, so she's kind of family.
 No, yeah she's definitely a whore. I mean, she has absolutely no standards, this one time, she was at… where's Howard?
 Ugh, I cannot believe Christie let Howard into my apartment.    
 Hey, if you guys need a fourth, I'll play.
 Why?
 Oh, what, what, what?
 Oh cool, whose head did I just blow off?
 Okay, I got this, lock and load boys.
 Ha-ha, there goes your head again.
 Cover this, suckers. Ha-ha-ha!
 Yeah, so is Sheldon.
 Wait, wait, Sheldon, come back, you forgot something.
 This plasma grenade. Ha! Look, it's raining you!
 Gosh, he's kind of a sore loser, isn't he?
 Well, it's been fun.
 Or we could just have a life.
 Good night, Leonard.
 As usual, nice talking to you Raj.
 Okay, I have a problem.
 Um, well, Howard and Christie are… kind of… hooking up in my bedroom.
 Look, I grew up on a farm, okay, from what I heard they're either having sex or Howard's caught in a milking machine. Do you mind if I stay here tonight?
 Uh, the couch is good.
 Hu.. what?
 How am I supposed to plan my bodily functions?
 Thanks Leonard.
 I'm listening.
 Why?
 I'll risk it.
 Anything else I should know.
 That's okay.
 Got it.
 Thanks.
 Uh, what time is it?
 I slept all day?
 What the hell is your problem?
 Why do you people hate sleep? Are you wearing my robe?
 That's okay, keep it. Where's Christie.
 Y-you used my loofah?
 You can keep that too.
 Uh, so Christie, what are your plans?
 Yeah, no, I meant plans to find some place to live. Other than with me, not that I don't love having you, but it's… a little crowded.
 Look, Howard, I know her, okay, she'll have sex with anyone as long as they keep buying her things.
 Yeah.
 Oh, hey guys, what's up?
 Yeah. Okay. So?
 She's not my friend. Friends do not get their friends care bears all sweaty.
 Oh, that's so sweet. But I'm going out dancing with a girlfriend.
 Well, for Penny it's dancing night.
 No.
 Look, why don't I play with you guys tomorrow?
 Alright, now Sheldon, you and I are about to have a problem.
 Alright fellas, I gotta go. Good luck.
 Hi guys, my friends and I got tired of dancing, so we came over to have sex with you.
 Told yah!
 Hi guys.
 I need some guinea pigs.
 I swear to God, Sheldon, one day I'm going to get the hang of talking to you.
 Well, I finally convinced the restaurant to give me a bar tending shift, so I need to practice making drinks.
 So Leonard, how about it?
 Okay, here you go, Leonard, one tequila sunrise.
 Okay, Raj, what'll it be?
 Uh, how about a grasshopper. I make a mean grasshopper. Okay? Good. Coming up. Sheldon, what are you going to have?
 Okay, can you please order a cocktail, I need to practice mixing drinks.
 That's, um, rum and coke without the rum.
 So coke.
 There's a can in the fridge.
 Then swim to Cuba.
 Okay, Raj, here you go. Alright, who's next?
 Okay, you're cut off. Anybody need a refill?
 A… are you talking to me?
 Okay, sweetie, I think that's the grasshopper talking.
 Okay, calm down, no-one can make you get married. Why don't you just meet this girl and, see what happens.
 Um, Raj, honey, you say you can't talk to women but… you've been talking to me.
 I'm fine.
 Okay, if you're going to drink on this date just promise me you won't overdo it.
 Yeah, that. Uh, why don't you bring her to my restaurant when I'm tending the bar so I can keep an eye on you?
 Drinks do not work that way.
 Okay.
 Oh, I'll wedge it right in there.
 I know the reason.
 Oh, maybe a couple of virgin cuba libres that turned out to be kind of slutty.
 Hey, you do your experiments, I do mine.
 Hey guys.
 It's a little loud.
 Okay, thanks.
 Yeah, you turned your stereo down with your laptop.
 Oh. You know you can just get one of those universal remotes at Radio Shack, they're really cheap.
 Boy, that's brilliant, but I'll see you.
 No.
 Huh, well that's handy. Um, here's a question, why?
 Well, wait, wait, what's on top of them.
 What? Ew, stop it, no, leave me alone.
 So, how's it going with Sheldon, are you guys still not talking to each other?
 Oh, hey, I didn't know they still made corduroy suits!
 Okay, well, let's just see what else you have. Okay, here, take this, and this, and this, and these.
 No, this is stuff I want you to throw out.
 Seriously, don't even give it to charity, you won't be helping anyone. What's this.
 Uh-huh.
 Oh, nice.
 Here, why don't you put these on while I find a shirt and sport-coat to match.
 Well, where you going, just put them on.
 Oh, are you shy?
 Don't worry, I won't look.
 Sweetie, put the pants on.
 So, you know, isn't there maybe some way you and Sheldon could compromise on this whole presentation thing.
 What is this?
 Oh, why didn't you wear it at Halloween?
 Okay, alright, moving on, oh, wow, a paisley shirt.
 If you mean it should end up in the same place then, I agree. Is this your… your only tie?
 Oh, sweetie, I don't think it even works as one. Is this all your clothes?
 The… the eighth grade?
 Okay, well, I guess we're back to the corduroy suit.
 Yup. I said no, put it down.
 Hey Sheldon!
 Get anything good?
 Oh, you know, that is so weird that yours came and mine didn't. It was a joke. Yup, tip your waitresses, I'm here all week.
 Oh yeah, me too. Zip it, lock it. Put it in your pocket. So you and Leonard…
 Little misunderstanding, huh.
 Anyway, I was talking to Leonard this morning and I think he feels really bad about it.
 Well how do you feel?
 Well I'm just asking if it's difficult to be fighting with your best friend.
 Wait… what?
 You should just talk to him, I'm sure you guys can work this out.
 Which was?
 Okay, so you absolutely should talk to him, look, I know Leonard values you as a friend, and he told me himself that without your little idea there's no way he could have come up with this whole experiment thing.
 Yeah, I mean he tried to explain it to me, I didn't really understand it but…
 Uh, well no, no, not in… not in those words.
 Um, gee, the exact words aren't written… it's more the spirit in which it's
 You had a lucky hunch.
 Uh, he…
 Leonard, ready to go?
 Bye Sheldon.
 There you go.
 No, no, I didn't say better, I said less stained.
 Is that all?
 Oh, well, then good!
 Oh, sorry, I've just, I've heard it before.
 I really should have brought my own car.
 Is this usually how these physics things go?
 Howard, would you like to explain to me why your facebook page has a picture of me sleeping on your shoulder captioned “Me and my Girlfriend?”
 Let's go-oh-oh Ou-oooo-ut tonight. I have to go-oh-oh-oh ou-ooooo-ut tonight.
 You wanna prowl, be my night owl, we'll take my… Hey guys, hi! Where you going?
 You'll never guess what just happened.
 What was that?
 Alright, remember when I auditioned for that workshop production of Rent, but I didn't get it and I couldn't figure out why?
 Well, the girl they picked to play Mimi, she dropped out and they asked me to replace her.
 It's not a big deal, just a one night showcase, but they invite a lot of casting people and agents so, you never know.
 It's this Friday at eight, you guys want to come?
 Oh, too bad, well, I got to get to rehearsal, see you guys.
 Do you have any idea what time it is?
 What do you want?
 I remember symposium.
 Wait, what?
 Well imagine how I'm feeling.
 Thanks. I just wanted to come by and wish you guys luck with your symposium.
 You know, I got to tell you, a lot of friends would let their friend go alone, but that's not who you are, you are the kind of guy who stands by a friend when… when he has a symposium to go to.
 It's okay, Leonard.
 Uh-huh!
 Uh-huh!
 Howard, wait. Sheldon, I think we should tell them.
 There's no symposium, Leonard lied to me, isn't that right Leonard.
 It's okay, I do, look, Leonard is helping Sheldon through a family crisis, he made up the whole story about the symposium with Dr Farmin..farm…ian
 Hah, yeah! Because he didn't want Sheldon to be embarrassed, and there is nothing to be embarrassed okay, every family in America has a relative holed up in a garage somewhere huffing paint thinner.
 No, look, Sheldon's cousin Leo escaped rehab, and he's in a Motel 8 at Long Beach, the whole family's going out for an intervention. Leonard is driving Sheldon down there to help him through this because he's such a good man.
 Alright you guys, good luck.
 Hi. How did the intervention go.
 Well, based on what you told me, I'm not surprised.
 Hi Leo, how are you feeling?
 No.
 Oh, it was okay I guess, wasn't a big turn out but they both really seemed to like it.
 By the end. Yeah.
 I'm… I'm sorry.
 Yeah. Hey, do you want to come over to my place, have coffee?
 I have a video of me singing last night, do you want to see it?
 This is even better than you coming to the showcase, because now I get to watch you watch me.
 Leo, you are a very sweet, really funny guy. You're gonna do okay.
 Hi guys.
 Did you get my mail.
 Oh, better than North Dakota! I guess that joke's only funny in Nebraska.
 Boy, it's good to be back.
 Ugh, it was the worst trip, everyone got sick over the weekend.
 Oh, the flu I guess.
 Maybe Friday.
 I… I don't…
 Oh, it's okay, I understand.
 Okay, well, thank you for getting my mail.
 No, just crazy. Sheldon, what are you doing here?
 How could you have gotten it from me, I'm not sick.
 Shhh! Sheldon, what do you want.
 Why didn't you just…. Why didn't you just have soup at home.
 You can have soup delivered.
 Okay, what kind of soup do you want.
 We have Chicken Tortilla and Potato Leek.
 No.
 Hey, where are you?
 You sound funny.
 Yeah, well I'm at work too, and you'll never guess who's here infecting my entire station.
 He won't leave, he says he's afraid he'll pass out on the bus and someone will harvest his organs.
 Can you please come get him?
 Oh, it's okay, I didn't really need to work today, it's not like I have rent or car payments or anything.
 Okay, well, you feel better.
 Um, home, to write some bad cheques.
 Sheldon, you are a grown man, haven't you ever been sick before?
 Really, never?
 Studying abroad?
 And there was no-one there to take care of you?
 Again?
 What does that mean?
 Okay, sweetie, I'll take care of you, what do you need?
 Okay, ground rules, no sponge baths, and definitely no enemas.
 Okay, nice and cosy, okay, I'll see you later.
 Oh, Sheldon, can't you do that yourself?
 But Sheldon….
 I can't believe I'm doing this.
 Sorry.
 What?
 I'm sorry, honey, I don't know it.
 Soft kitty, warm kitty…
 Little ball of fur.
 You rat bastard.
 You deliberately stuck me with Sheldon.
 Uh, it's okay, sweetie, good news, Leonard's home!
 Here you go, good luck, bye.
 Mmm, this is really delicious, isn't it? Still can't talk to me unless you're drunk, huh? Oh, sweetie, you are so damaged.
 Sure. Raj, hug Howard.
 I'm confused, did Sheldon stop giving milk?
 So, you've got a bit of competition, I really don't see what the big deal is.
 I don't understand, exactly how did he get any friends in the first place?
 You know, I'm confused again, is he waiting, or do we get to shoot him between the eyes?
 Oh, hey guys, what's up?
 What?
 Hi, can you help me, I was writing an email and the A key got stuck. Now it's just going “aaaaaaa”.
 Nothing. Diet coke. And yoghurt. A little nail polish.
 Wow, so in your world, you're like, the cool guys.
 Zod?
 I want tickets to that please.
 Good afternoon, and welcome to today's physics bowl practice round. I'm Penny, and I'll be your host, because apparently I didn't have anything else to do on a Saturday afternoon, and isn't that just a little sad? Gentlemen, are you ready?
 You know, it's none of my business, but isn't a guy who can't speak in front of women going to hold you back a little?
 Oh, thanks Raj, it's vanilla oil.
 Okay, the first question is on the topic of optics. What is the shortest light pulse ever produced? Dr Cooper.
 That is correct.
 Good for you, sweetie. Okay, next question. What is the quantum mechanical effect used to encode data on hard disk drives? Howard.
 Right.
 Okay. What artificial satellite has seen glimpses of Einsteins predicted frame dragging?
 Because it's polite.
 Leonard, you said I only had to ask questions.
 What did he say?
 Yeah, and the bag it came in.
 So, how do you feel? Nice and loose? Come to play? Got your game face on?  Are you ready?
 Oh, no, no, I want to. It sounds really interesting.
 Sheldon. I'm just going to sit down.
 Okay, new contest.
 I'm settling once and for all who is the smartest around here. Okay, are you ready?
 Okay. Marsha, Jan and Cindy were the three daughters of what TV family?The Brady Bunch. Okay, Sammy Hagar replaced David Lee Roth as the lead singer in what group?
 Van Halen. Alright, Madonna was married to this Ridgemont High alum.  Oh my God, Sean Penn!
 I go outside and I talk to people. Alright, here, what actor holds the record for being named people magazine's sexiest man alive?
 No.
 Alright, singer who sang “Oops I Did It Again.” Okay, Tweetie Bird, taught he taw a what?
 Yes. He taught he taw a Romulan.
 Oh, hey guys.
 What are you doing?
 What is it?
 Yeah, okay, neat, but I really got to get to work, so….
 I don't have a few minutes, I'm running really late.
 You're joking, right?
 Damn, okay, I'll just take the roof.
 Okay, first of all, what you call a gap was nearly three feet wide, I slipped and skinned my knee.
 Zzz-zz-zz-zz! Second of all, the door to the stairwell of the other building was locked, so I had to go down the fire escape which ends on the third floor, forcing me to crawl through the window of a lovely Armenian family, who insisted I stay for lunch.
 It was eight courses of lamb, and they tried to fix me up with their son.
 Not done. By the time I finally got to work, they'd given my shift away. Yeah, that's right, I've lost an entire day's pay thanks to this… this…
 No! I don't want to try it, my God, you are grown men, how could you waste your lives with these stupid toys and costumes and comic books and… and now that… that…
 Oh please, it's not a time machine, if anything it looks like something Elton John would drive through the Everglades.
 Pathetic. All of you, completely pathetic. 
 Oh, hey guys.
 What are you doing?
 Yeah, okay, neat, but I really got to get to work, so….
 But, what about your time machine.
 Oh, I'm scared.
 Oh, Leonard. 
 What the hell's going on?
 What?
 Okay, okay look, if this is about yesterday, Leonard, I am really sorry about what I said, I was just a bit upset.
 No you didn't. Look, you are a great guy, and it is things you love that make you who you are.
 Really?
 Oh. Wow. Good for you.
 Hi Mike.
 Yeah, I just have to change.
 Oh, stop it! Bye guys.
 Hey, Leonard, you left your underwear in the dryer downstairs.
 Really, they have your little name label in them.
 Wow, you don't look that much alike.
 Hey, good for you, Raj.
 Hey, Sheldon's sister's pretty cute, I w….
 I didn't say you were, I just said she was cute.
 Sheldon, why are you ignoring your sister?
 Missy, I'm going to go get my nails done. Do you want to come?
 You're welcome.
 Goodbye Leonard!
 Ah, hey Leonard.
 Uh, pretty much, why?
 Of course.
 What do you want, Howard?
 Missy?
 Missy?
 Oh, honey, is your medication wearing off?  
 Hey, guys, guys, some of the other waitresses wanted me to ask you something.
 Yeah, that's terrific, but what they wanted me to ask you was to cut it the hell out. Right come on guys, come on. Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you…
 So Leonard, will we be seeing you on Saturday for your free birthday cheesecake?
 Okay, he can have carrot cake.
 he can scrape it off.
 I did your horoscope, remember, I was going to do everybody's until Sheldon went on one of his typical psychotic rants.
 Blah blah blah, a typical Taurus. So, seriously, are we going to see you Saturday?
 Why not?
 Shuddup, yeah you do.
 Uh, that's so silly.
 What was it called, “I hate my son and that's why he can't have cake?”
 Yeah, see, that's what kids should have.
 So you've really never had a birthday party?
 And?
 Oh my God, that's terrible.
 That's the saddest thing I've ever heard.
 I know. I want to talk to you.
 Okay, can you just let me in.
 Okay, here's the deal, we are going to throw Leonard a kick-ass surprise party for his birthday on Saturday.
 He just doesn't know he wants one because he's never had one.
 Howard, here's the difference. The possibility exists that Leonard could have a birthday party before hell freezes over.
 Anguish?
 Okay, sweetie, I understand you have scars that no non-professional can heal, but nevertheless we are going to throw Leonard a birthday party.
 Nevertheless we are….
 Okay, here's the deal, you either help me throw Leonard a birthday party or, so help me God, I will go into your bedroom and I will unbag all of your most valuable mint condition comic books. And on one of them, you won't know which, I'll draw a tiny happy face in ink.
 Sheldon, do you understand the concept of blackmail?
 Is that Raj and Howard?
 So, what did you get the birthday boy?
 Nice. I got him a sweater.
 Uh, Sheldon, I didn't see your present.
 Well why not?
 Well, Sheldon, you're his friend. Friends give each other presents.
 What?
 It's a non-optional social convention.
 Okay, let's do this, um, I will drive Sheldon to get a present, and Howard, you need to get rid of Leonard for about two hours.
 And then Raj, you bring the stuff across the hall and start setting up.
 Entertain them.
 Stare at them and make them feel uncomfortable.
 Alright, you know they have DVDs over there.
 Sheldon, a gift shouldn't be something someone needs, it should be something fun, you know, something they wouldn't buy for themselves.
 Well, it's a fun sweater, it's got a bold geometric print.
 Okay, the point is, one of the ways we show we care about people is by putting thought and imagination into the gifts we give them.
 Exactly.
 Um, that one.
 Sure.
 Oh, okay then this one.
 I don't know, the man on the box looks so happy.
 Oh, I know I'm going to regret this but, what trauma?
 Of course.
 No?
 All of them.
 Yeah.
 Okay, so we're getting this one?
 Okay, let's go.
 Here, buy this one. Look, it's the one we're getting, see, happy guy available.
 Sheldon, we have to go.
 Yeah, well so do I, look you've got to stall Leonard a little longer.
 You have to, we all have to be there at the same time to yell “surprise!”
 Why, is Leonard okay.
 Okay, I don't need your attitude, just hold him there a little longer.
 Okay, how about this. You keep him there a little longer and when you get to the party I'll point out which of my friends are easy.
 I've got a hot former fat girl with no self-esteem, I've got a girl who punishes her father by sleeping around and an alcoholic who's two tequila shots away from letting you wear her like a hat.
 Him.
 Sheldon, we have to go.
 Well, for one thing, we're late for Leonard's birthday party. And for another, I told him to call security.
 Keep walking.
 That's my friend Carol. Remind me, I've got to introduce her to Howard.
 I'm so sorry you didn't get your party.
 Happy birthday anyways. 
 I need to use your window.
 Hey Jerkface, you forgot your iPod! 
 Oh, I'll tell you what's going on, that stupid self-centred bastard wrote about our sex life in his blog. Drop dead, you stupid self-centred bastard! Thank you.
 I'm fine, Leonard, just go away.
 GO AWAY!
 I don't.
 Wait.
 Tell me the truth. Am I just an idiot who picks giant losers?
 Okay, so I pick good guys, but turn them into losers.
 Well, it's got to be one or the other, which is it?
 I really thought Mike was different, I thought he was sensitive and smart. I mean, not you smart, normal non-freaky smart.
 You know, and then he just goes and has to humiliate me by writing about me on his blog so the entire world can read it.
 Yeah, really, well my friends at work found it, my sister found it, judging by my email a number of prisoners at the Michigan State Penitentiary found it.
 Nope, you know what, you might as well read it, everybody else has, go ahead. Oh God, I just feel so betrayed and embarrassed. I just want to crawl into a hole and die.
 Oh God!
 Sandwich shop.
 No, at the sub shop we were only making out.
 Really, do you think I overreacted?
 ‘Cause I do that, I do overreact. Maybe I should call Mike and apologise.
 Yes. You're right. I should just say I'm done with him.
 But I never gave the man a chance to explain.
 No, you were right the first time, this is a man who loves me, but in his own stupid way he was just trying to show people how he feels.
 No, you did better than that, you helped me see it on my own.
 I'm going over to Mike's. Leonard, thank you so much.
 Thank you so much for your stupid advice. 
 I'm sorry I yelled at you. It's not your fault.
 Well, I went over to Mike's to make up with him.
 But he had already moved on.
 That's what I said to the woman who had her legs wrapped around his neck.
 How could he do that.
 I swear to God, I am done with guys like that. You know, macho, with the perfect body and the hair, and the money.
 You know, just once, I would like to go out with someone who is nice, and honest, and who actually cares about me.
 What about you what?
 Are you asking me out?
 Wow.
 No, I know, I got that. Yeah, totally.
 Yes.
 Yes, I will go out with you.
 Yeah. Why not, I mean, what do I have to lose?
 Sheldon.
 I'm sorry. Look, do you have a second.
 I was just wondering if I could talk to you? It's about Leonard.
 Well, Raj can't talk to me unless he's drunk, and Wolowitz is, you know, disgusting.
 All I'm saying is, you know Leonard the best.
 Leonard might come home, can we talk in my apartment.
 No.
 Okay, so, here's the thing. I guess you're aware that Leonard asked me out.
 Oh, that's nice. Anyhow, the thing I wanted to talk to you about is, you know, since Leonard and I have become friends, I was just… want to sit down?
 Well, choose.
 Alright, why don't you just pick one at random, and then if you don't like it you can sit somewhere else next time.
 Okay. Um, here's the thing. So, I've known for a while now that Leonard has had a little crush on me…
 Alright, yeah, I don't really know who they are…
 Yeah, I don't care, I don't care. The point is Leonard isn't the kind of guy I usually go out with.
 No. What I'm saying is, Leonard might be different in a good way. Obviously my usual choices have not worked out so well.
 But on the other hand, if things don't go well with Leonard, I risk losing a really good friend. I mean, I guess he's not looking for a fling, he's the kind of guy that gets into a relationship for, I don't know, like you would say light years.
 Thank you for the clarification.
 Right, thanks.
 Not the first one I've made today.
 Sheldon, do you have anything to say that has anything to do with, you know, what I'm talking about.
 Schrodinger? Is that the woman in 2A?
 Sheldon!
 I'm sorry, I don't get the point.
 Sheldon, what's the point?
 Okay, so you're saying I should go out with Leonard.
 Hi.
 come on in.
 Thank you. So do you.
 Okay, great, listen, um, maybe we should talk first.
 Actually, I've heard far too much about Schrodinger's Cat.
 Alright, the cat's alive, let's go to dinner.

