 Smooth.
 Whoo-hoo!
 And it only took 28 minutes.
 You know, there's something I've always wondered about Aquaman.
 Where does he poop?
 What would a toilet look like in Atlantis? How would you flush it? And when you did flush it, where would the poop go?
 You slipped and fell into a robot hand?
 Penis first?
 Really? A robot hand's got a death grip on your junk, dude. That's funny, ask anyone.
 A-All right, um, how about this. When, when Winnie the Pooh got his head stuck in the honey tree, his friends all grabbed onto him and pulled and pulled.
 All right, uh, forget pulling. How about we get an electric saw and cut it off?
 Right now, all I can think about is cookies and Hawaiian Punch.
 Next time, take your own advice.
 Now can we have cookies and Hawaiian Punch?
 That's my joke. I told it last night. You can't just use it.
 Oh, sure.
 I'm a lamb.
 That's two, dude. Write your own jokes.
 Spoiler alert! Spoiler alert.
 Don't ruin it for me, man. I printed out a PDF to read on the potty.
 It's a potty. What do you call it?
 That's a little vulgar for the dinner table, don't you think?
 Potty is innocent. Potty is adorable.
 If I don't have to boom-boom.
 Ah. Nothing makes beer taste better than cool clear Rocky Mountain spring water. Where are the Rocky Mountains, anyway?
 Really? I thought they were out West someplace.
 Philadelphia. Okay, now I get it.
 I'm very comfortable here. Penny, dear, why don't you shoot another silver bullet my way?
 Ooh, somebody's been taking bitchy pills.
 Well, if that's the case, Penny will have to get satellite TV and maybe once a week run a vacuum through this place.
 Oh, God, never again.
 I was homesick.
 That's very offensive.
 What does hit a reef mean?
 Pardon?
 Ah.
 You're kidding.
 He takes the kitty to the potty?
 Don't try to change me, dude. I am what I am.
 Hi.
 I'm telling you, if xenon emits ultraviolet light, then those dark matter discoveries must be wrong.
 Oh, you're so arrogant. If you were a superhero, your name would be Captain Arrogant. And you know what your superpower would be? Arrogance.
 Has it occurred to you you're missing the big picture? If you look at neutron scattering data…
 It's one of his best moves.
 You're being unreasonable. Why can't I have a desk?
 You have a desk.
 But I can't have one.
 Oh, but there's money for a drawer full of Red Vines, a marshmallow shooting rifle, and a super executive ant farm with glow-in-the-dark sand?
 Yeah, what if I buy my own desk?
 Yes?
 And I can put it in your office?
 You said I could buy a desk.
 Is that the American idiom for giant, big-ass desk?
 Can you say it again for me?
 One more time?
 Now three times fast?
 That's for me, Ramon, Julio, Jesus and Rodrigo to know and you to find out.
 No.
 No.
 No.
 I have three brothers and two sisters, Sheldon, I can do this all day.
 Knock yourself out.
 No.
 No.
 No. It's too Brobdingnagian.
 Well, seeing as its purpose was to piss you off, I'd say it's spot-on.
 Thank you.
 Hey, Sheldon?
 No. See what I did there? I turned it around.
 Sorry, dude, the thermostat's on my side of the room, so it stays Mumbai hot in here until you turn off that stupid Indian music!
 Oh, too bad! Sheldon's pathologically afraid of birds! Hey, look, Sheldon! Birdie, birdie, birdie!
 Eat flaming Nerf!
 It's not gonna work, dude, I grew up in India, an entire subcontinent where cows walk in the street, and nobody has ever had a solid bowel movement.
 Well, we'll just see how your noxious gas fares against my cinnamon-apple-scented aroma therapy candles.
 This is not over.
 Hey.
 When I call him, his phone plays Brown Eyed Girl. Which, now that I think about it, is not so good.
 You mean, you don't.
 Two words, deaf chick. It doesn't matter if I can't talk, because she can't hear me.
 That's what she said.
 Dude, why don't you just invoke your girlfriend pact with Wolowitz?
 Oh, Leonard, you remind me of the funny old story about a man who walks into a women's correctional institution with a stack of paperwork that will allow the female convicts to go free.
 Are you going to let me tell the story or not?
 Hey guys, guess who I found at LAX. My baby sister Priya.
 Can you believe it? Little Priya's one of the lead attorneys for the biggest car company in India.
 Alright, this goes without saying, but I'm just going to say it anyway. Hands off my sister.
 I'm so not talking to you. I'm talking to him.
 Oh please. My sister's much hotter than your girlfriend and you know it.
 Dude, that's my sister you're talking about.
 Did you pinky swear?
 Okay then.
 Oh, not really, just hang out.
 Train day?
 I don't think we're going to do that.
 Uh, my plans with Priya.
 Hey, Leonard, will you please tell Howard my sister's never been attracted to him.
 Hey, so what did you guys think of the new episode of Caprica last night?
 On Caprica night?
 What were you doing with Priya?
 What? You slept with my sister?
 Excuse me, I think how could you she's my sister takes precedence over a five year old pinky swear!
 I… I don't believe it, this is a terrible betrayal of my trust.
 How hard did she stomp?
 Okay, I'm good.
 Dude! I put that thing on my face!
 That was all a lie? This year's gifts are already wrapped!
 I can't believe you kissed my sister with moth mouth.
 Not the brush part, just the little rubber thing to pick food from my teeth and massage my gums.
 As long as we're apologising, Sheldon, I, I'm sorry I used your toothbrush.
 I got you a talking Thomas the Tank Engine for Thanksgiving.
 Yes.
 Oh, yeah? What's that look like?
 Where are we going?
 Whoa, whoa, whoa! I don't want to speak to the FBI.
 I'm brown and I talk funny.
 It doesn't matter. They'll find a reason to give me a one-way ticket back to Gandhi-ville. By the way, when I say that, it's not offensive.
 Nobody cares. Do you know how long it's been since I got through airport security without being given a colonoscopy?
 Oh, Bella, don't you see? Edward's only pushing you away because he loves you. Coming.
 Rum cake?
 Seven years.
 I'm in this country legally, you know.
 Of course not. I'm here on an H-1B visa, which means I can't be associated in any way with crime or criminal activity. And I'm not.
 No, just me. Oh, there it is. Here comes a cavity search.
 Please don't send me back to India, it's so crowded. It's like the whole country is one endless Comic-Con, except everybody's wearing the same costume, Indian Guy.
 I love this country! The-the baseball, the freedom, the rampant morbid obesity! From California to the New York Island, I'm a real Yankee Doodle boy!
 My country 'tis of thee, duh duh duh liberty, It's really great.
 Well, actually, I may have gotten a little tipsy when I talked to her.
 I may have thrown up rum cake on her shoes.
 Ah, me, too.
 I think he's eating lunch. Uh, Sheldon, I want you to meet Neil deGrasse Tyson from the Hayden Planetarium in New York.
 Oh, yeah.
 Hello.
 What's in the bag?
 Oh, my God, dude. Now you have to forgive him.
 I haven't cried like this since Toy Story 3.
 Eight for 28.
 Well I earned it, dude, I ate all my broccoli.
 You know, guys, when facing disappointment, Eat, Pray, Love teaches us–
 Hey, guys, bad news. I just did a quick calculation. Given the size of the theatre  and the length of this line, we might not get seats.
 Oh, oh, uh, looks like they're getting ready to let people in.
 We can still see something. Uh, the new Sandra Bullock movie is playing two blocks away. You know Sandy B always brings it.
 Indy's young sidekick from Temple of Doom.
 You're right. It should be a cuddly Asian boy. Like me.
 Come on, guys! Hurry up! Hurry up!
 You know who's got to be the bravest person in the Marvel Universe? Whoever has to give She-Hulk a bikini wax.
 Do you think they gave Wolverine an Adamantium prostate?
 We're having a conversation about probing the heinies of superheroes. There are no stupid questions.
 Is that racist? It feels racist.
 Oh, okay. Good. I don't need more comics. Howard's gonna stop by, we're gonna play intergalactic battleship and Indian Monopoly.
 What… what kind of a kiss?
 Ooh, ooh! Do our babies will be smart and beautiful. That one always makes me laugh.
 Miss.
 Not if it has a hole in the middle.
 A Romulan battle bagel?
 Excuse me. I can't be drinking, I'm about to make an important scientific discovery here.
 How do you know that?
 Dude, can you even open your mouth without spewing a cultural stereotype?
 Your mom creeps the hell out of me.
 I do appreciate that.
 Bernadette, please tell your boyfriend to cool it with the cow jokes.
 Yeah. Like his haircut material.
 No. I got them all cut.
 And when you go to a Chinese restaurant, he always gets the same fortune in his fortune cookie.
 He's right. Let's make fun of his mother. Howard, come rub my feet! My corns are killing me!
 Hello, Hawaii. This is Dr. Koothrappali in Pasadena. I'd like you to reposition the telescope, please. Scarlett Johansson's house! I'm kidding, Hawaii. Mahalo. Whoo!
 Maybe. If it did, I'd be famous. I'd be on the cover of magazines. And then, instead of living alone in my tiny apartment, I'd have a big mansion.
 It is. If you like wandering around a big, empty house with no one to love you.
 No, you wouldn't. You'd be intimidated by my wealth and fame. My only friends would be my genetically engineered monkey butler, and the little people I hired to be my living chess set.
 Oh, what's the point of everything?
 You know it's been more than a year since I've even kissed a girl?
 Oh, grow up. I was lying. I lie all the time. Nobody wants to kiss me.
 Where?
 Hey.
 Oh, you know. Same old, same old. Looked through a telescope, saw some stars. Big whoop.
 Why? You writing a book?
 Nothing happened. Can we please just change the subject?
 Hey.
 He never touched my telescope.
 I did shut up. Now you shut up.
 Thank you. How come you didn't call me this morning?
 Five million, three hundred eighteen thousand and eight?
 We're good.
 Just for the record, when you enter five million three hundred eighteen thousand and eight in a calculator, upside-down it spells boobies.
 Did he get superpowers?
 Oh. Well, that's disappointing.
 Well, you get bit by a radioactive animal in a lab, you kind of want to turn into a superhero.
 Who wouldn't? You could zip through a maze in nothing flat, squeeze through really small holes, and shut down restaurants in a single bound. And the best part is, if I were Rat-Man, you could be my sidekick, Mouse Boy.
 You don't like Mouse Boy? How about, uh, uh, Kid Vermin?
 Rat-Man is nobody's sidekick.
 Yeah, Leonard, who?
 Oh, hey.
 I don't know. Um, nuclear war. Accidentally being buried alive. Any of those movies where you get that phone call that says you're going to die, and then you do.
 Well, type two diabetes runs in my family. The thought of losing a toe…
 What the heck is this?
 Are you crazy?
 No. But it's a stupid test.
 Oh, yeah? What if the earth was in danger and the only way to save it was to take a shower in the locker room and let other guys see you naked?
 All right, I will.
 It's easy. The spider's crawling up your arm.
 Wait. What the hell is ding?
 I don't think this kind of wrestling has a bell.
 I say, uh, how about one, two, three, go?
 Okay, how about, uh, on your mark, get set, go?
 No, it's chilly outside. Didn't bring my jacket.
 What kind of superhero says dibs on the red tights, dibs on the red tights.
 Wait. Are we starting now? Or is that what you're going to say when we do start, or…
 Don't yell at me!
 Oh, yeah? Well, I've been taking Pilates class at the rec center, and my abs look like sections of a Hershey bar.
 No, uh-uh, you're going down!
 You realize you can't win.
 You're wrong. It's only a matter of time before you fall into Rat-Man's rat trap.
 Just because I didn't express myself well doesn't mean my underlying point was invalid! You bloviating buffoon!
 You crimson coward! Oh, Leonard, wake up, you're missing some very excellent superhero quips.
 Water Demon.
 What the hell did I do?
 And nobody drew a penis on his forehead.
 First day of cricket camp. They drew it so the testicles were my eyes.
 A Milk Dud?
 Junior Mints are pretty apologetic.
 No.
 The Archies are over here.
 But I'm Green Lantern.
 I don't want to be Aquaman. He sucks. He sucks underwater. He sucks fish pee.
 I've said this before, and I'll say it again. Aquaman sucks.
 Looks like someone else is going to have to be Wonder Woman.
 Stupid Aquaman.
 Oh, great. No Superman, no Wonder Woman? All we've got is a skinny Flash, an Indian Aquaman, a nearsighted Green Lantern, and a teeny, tiny Dark Knight.
 Ooh, I call Kermit.
 Oh, man. Scooter sucks. He's the Aquaman of the Muppet Babies.
 Ten, nine, eight…
 Seven, six…
 That's a Hanukkah present you're regretting, huh?
 You know what's a great app? The one that makes fart noises.
 Where would you go?
 You know, if I made more money, I could take time off from work and give pretty girls submarine rides.
 No. You take pretty girls underwater in your private submarine, and you show them fish. Why does everything have to be dirty with you?
 I think we should take a picture to capture this moment.
 Was that the best 99 cents I ever spent, or what?
 Hey, why am I in charge of phone support? Seems a bit racist.
 Oh. Very clever. But still racist.
 Ooh. Leonard's going all alpha nerd on Sheldon's ass.
 So it spells Sheldon?
 Mm. Last night, I had a dream we got so rich from the app, you and I bought matching side-by-side mansions. But there was a secret tunnel connecting your front yard to my back yard. What do you think that means?
 World's Greatest Astrophysicist?
 What are you talking about?
 Hey, we agreed when it was Eureka time, we were all gonna say it together.
 No. The moment has passed.
 You mean, Project Lenwoloppali?
 Hey, look at this. 20 people from the university have already signed up for our private beta.
 What do you think we should sell it for?
 Well, what if we put out a lite version for half a million? You know, get the word of mouth going.
 I'll tell you one thing. If I get rich enough, that's the kind of girl I want to take on a submarine ride. And yes, that time, I meant it to be dirty.
 Oh, my God, I'm crying already.
 Why?
 Okay. Come on in.
 Hey, Leonard, Sheldon kicked me out of the room, gave me your key.
 Certainly. I'd like to raise two points. Number one, I think they are talking about penises. And number two, these mimosas are kicking my little brown ass.
 What did I do?
 I did. You said no Bridget Jones.
 I'd like to weigh in here. No.
 Ooh, somebody took pictures and uploaded them to their Flickr account.
 Mmm, I know the feeling. It's like accidentally walking into a gay bar and then having no one hit on you. It-It happened to a friend of mine.
 Thank you, but cute is for bunnies. I want to be something with sex appeal, like, like a labradoodle.
 You really think so?
 Well, thanks, Bernadette. And just for the record, labradoodles are hypo-allergenic, which is a very sexy quality to those troubled by animal dander.
 What?
 Dude, that's incredible!
 Aw, I'm gonna miss you. Are you going with him?
 What kind of needs?
 I say okey-dokey.
 Just that I'm definitely not gay.
 Uh-huh.
 What happened?
 Oh, no!
 It'll be okay. It'll be okay. It's Howard. Howard, hello.
 Yeah, I'm right here, buddy. How are you?
 No, no, no, don't say that. You're going to be all right.
 Of course, of course. Now when you say look after, you mean…
 Excuse me, Bernadette. I have to hear it from him.
 Got it. Take care. I guess I have no choice but to make sweet, guilt-free love to you over and over again for the rest of my life.
 What?
 Oh, right. Good one.
 Like the wild elephant I am trumpeting my love for you!
 My heart burns for you like the sun at noon!
 You are my heart!
 You are my heart!
 My universe!
 Dance number aside, I'm so not gay.
 Here's what I wonder about zombies. What happens if they can't get any human flesh to eat? They can't starve to death, they're already dead.
 Yeah, okay, so, zombies.
 Hey, don't bag on Sandra Bullock! You think it makes you look cultured, but you just come off as bitter.
 Or maybe he heard it's Tator Tot Tuesday. That's why I'm here.
 Sounds great!
 Oh, you don't want that.
 Oh, boy! Tator tots and a party invitation? What a great day!
 Nice place. Reminds me of my parents' house back in New Delhi.
 No. We are very wealthy. But the only difference is, we have more servants.
 More than we can use. You see, in India, we don't make the mistake of letting our poor people have dreams.
 I think we were misled about the cute girls.
 Do him first.
 It's Koothrappali. I have to tinkle.
 Oh, don't be such gloomy Gusses. Look at the size of these shrimp! At what point do we start calling them lobsters?
 Cool, buddy! That's awesome!
 Who is it?
 You can't come in.
 I forbid it.
 You heard me. I forbidded it.
 Forbaded it?
 Clearly, she was sending you a message to take a hike, Mike.
 No!
 It's completely inappropriate for a single woman to entertain a man in private. If you insist on talking, you must do it on the couch! All right, you may talk in the bedroom, but I want this door to remain open! All right, just this once you may close the door. But keep in mind I'll be right out here monitoring the situation! (Dials phone) Oh, damn it. Leonard, when you get this message, call me. Priya, this is your brother. When you get this, tell Leonard to check his voicemail.
 Why are you holding hands? I forbid you to hold hands.
 Yeah, but you were just sleeping, because I forboded you to have sex.
 Are you sure? That doesn't sound right.
 There it is, Priya. We're Indian. We believe this stuff.
 Some of it makes sense, some of it's crazy. My point is, you can't go out with Leonard.
 My sister.
 Penny, you became disenchanted with Leonard as a lover. Would you please tell my sister why?
 She says it the same way I do. I'd love that. Everybody in India says it that way. It's not a big deal.
 I'm not being a child. Leonard, I swear to God, if your sister ever comes to town, I shall have my way with her.
 All the more shame that will fall upon the house of Hofstadter.
 Hey, you're just in time. We made Tex-Mex.
 Okay, we've got fajitas with all the fixins, so you make your own.
 Nope. Gates gave a speech at the university. Sheldon went up to him afterwards and said, maybe if you weren't so distracted by sick children in Africa, you could have put a little more thought into Windows Vista.”
 I'd like to propose a toast to a rare and wonderful Sheldon-free evening.
 Sheldon tells it better.
 I still wear mine when there's a nip in the air.
 Come on in.
 I'd like to propose a toast to friends, no matter how quirky.
 Is the trick making him disappear? Sure, let's see it.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 October sixth.
 How about that!
 Yes, it is. Very cool!
 Beefaroni and a show? How do you turn that down?
 These cards have barcodes on them. The wand is a reader. It's transmitting to your phone.
 Okay.
 Son of a gun, you're blowing my mind!
 You ever gonna tell him?
 So never.
 Hi!
 Why so glum, chum?
 Hold on. I'm talking to an orc under the bridge in Thunder Bluff who says if we pay him, he'll help us track down your things.
 I should say so, he appears to be a member of the Nigerian royal family.
 Bad news, the Nigerian prince may be a fraud.
 I don't think my character should be in a place like this. Everyone's undressing her with their eyes.
 Sheldon, what if he gets his Internet from his cable company? He could lose his HBO and all their delightful original programming.
 Okay, I see where this is going. Fine, I'll have sex with him.
 Good, because I would hate that.
 Oh, no, don't put me in the middle of this. I'm not going to be your go-between.
 There's no reason to worry.
 I'm sure many women in happy relationships spend their nights skyping with their ex-boyfriend Sanjay.
 What else do we know about him?
 I totally had one of those.
 I have a hip-hop aerobics class at five, could we go after?
 Oh, come on, man. Bros before… my sister.
 Me, too.
 Sitar music for her ringtone is not cool, dude.
 Very nice. You lie to my sister.
 Oh, guess who.
 Hello, Priya. What's up? How would I know if Leonard's at work or not? Don't be suspicious. Look, if you want your relationship with Leonard to continue, you're going to have to believe whatever wild-eyed, cockamamie excuse the white devil has the nerve to offer you. Okay? Yeah, bye-bye. You owe me.
 Hey, how about we stay the night and hit Legoland in the morning?
 Yeah, we're coming for you, Todd Zarnecki. And for the record, Legoland is more interactive.
 I took the liberty of burning us a mix of heroic questing music.
 It's a re-writable CD. Just put it in.
 She's curvy and she owns it. I like that.
 Don't say your doom. Who opens the door for their doom?
 Legoland seems like a hollow dream now.
 What's the matter?
 Very basic.
 Hello, Mummy. Hello, Daddy. How are you?
 I am making her comfortable. Besides, she's not sleeping here half the time anyway.
 It, it doesn't matter. Howard has a girlfriend.
 What does that mean?
 Is something going on with him and Bernadette?
 Don't worry. Everything I have, I share with her. Including my friend Leonard…
 Oh, my God, I think you broke my toe!
 Fair enough. Now, what's up with Clarinet? Bernadette!
 Are you listening to this guy?
 So what's up?
 Oh, no. I hope everything's okay.
 Yeah. Good or devastating.
 What?
 No rush, no rush.
 I know. It'll be awful.
 Uh, a smile means something different in my country. You know, tears of joy, smile of sadness. India's a goofy place.
 I just felt like drinking alone, because I'm deep and dark.
 No. It's just one of those times when it's just you and me. Like when the three of us went to the movies and you and I waited outside the bathroom while Howard threw up Red Vines and Cherry Coke. Do you remember that?
 Me, too. Good times.
 This was nice.
 I was when I came in, but it's amazing what liquor does to guilt. Besides what you might not know is, Bernadette is planning on breaking up with Howard.
 My sister told me.
 None taken. You should hear how she talks about you.
 What can I do? I can't stop thinking about her.
 Shut your ass!
 How did that even happen? Did they know that's what they were doing when they were doing it?
 Wow. I can't believe old Smelly Pooper finally got laid.
 Leonard, please. The man is talking. Let him get it out, and let the chips fall where they may.
 This is it.
 You will?
 Mmm, Greek food on pizza night? This is the most delightfully cruel thing we've done to Sheldon since we left that fake message from Stephen Hawking on his voice mail.
 Opa!
 The lonely guy and the two happy couples? I'd rather get a prostate exam from a leper who walks away with nine fingers.
 I have to feel sorry for myself. I'm the only one who cares. Just like I'm the only one who'll have sex with me.
 Excuse me. I'm going to go wander the streets alone. Invisible, unwanted and unloved, a pathetic shadow in a city with no heart. I forgot my windbreaker. It's chilly.
 I need a hug.
 Come on, Sheldon, open the door.
 I don't want to hug you, either. I was just feeling blue.
 Well, not so much depressed as lonely.
 What?
 Nothing rhymes with orange. It's probably lonely.
 What are you doing?
 Oh, cool. Can I play?
 No.
 No, thank you. I'm fine.
 I, uh, I guess you're probably wondering what's got me down.
 I'm going to be 30 years old, and I have no one in my life to love me. I'm such a basket case, I can't even talk to a woman without having alcohol in my body.
 Sheldon, listen to me. I have a big decision to make, and I'm scared.
 A friend at the School of Pharmacology gave me these new pills they're testing. He says it's the next big thing for social anxiety disorder.
 I'm not sure. Some sort of beta-blocker attached to a molecule extracted from the urine of cows.
 That's not the point.
 I'm a scientist. My ability to think is my bread and butter. I'm afraid if I take this, I might lose that special, unique something that makes me so successful in my field.
 Thank you for coming with me, Sheldon. You're a good friend.
 Okay, let's see if this drug works.
 Forgive me for staring, but you're very beautiful.
 India.
 It's a beautiful country. You'd love it. May I join you?
 My name is Dr. Rajesh Koothrappali, and this is my friend Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
 We're scientists. We observe everything. Here, go buy yourself a scone.
 And what is your name?
 Oh, derived from the word angel. Appropriate.
 Oh, just getting comfortable. So how long have you lived in Los Angeles?
 Sheldon, I'm talking to someone. You're being rude. I'll bet you're an actress. If not, you should be. You have a very expressive face.
 Wait, where are you going? We were doing so well. She never even got to see my penis. Ta-da!
 Hey, I've got winners.
 Hey! That's my sister and my country you're talking about. Leonard may have defiled one, but I won't have you talking smack about the other.
 Ooh, fire demon. Sheldon's turning up the heat.
 Check it! Howard pulls one out from under the bridge. Nice!
 Oh, yeah, she's got puddles in all the right places.
 Sorry. Walking tree.
 I'm taking a stroll and I'm sporting wood.
 Oh, that sounds lovely.
 Sheldon, that's my water.
 I know.
 Where indeed.
 Your girlfriend and your ex-girlfriend are hanging out together? Oh, yeah, that can only be good for you.
 One of them broke up with you. Do you really want her telling the other one why?
 Good, good. Then you have nothing to worry about.
 You'd think it'd be because my parents didn't love me, but actually they loved me a great deal.
 Like what?
 What do you mean, a show?
 Like, to music?
 So you'd do a striptease?
 Good, good.
 Well, I don't think you have to worry about Penny telling my sister that.
 Your big problem is me telling her.
 What if she wasn't kidding?
 He takes the elf from off the Sheldonf.
 Hell Hounds. Who let the Satanic dogs out? Who? Who-who?
 I got a colossal serpent right here.
 Sorry, I'm just trying to cheer my buddy up. Rotting Zombie. Sheldon's new Facebook photo.
 Oh, if there was a problem, you can't solve it, check out the hook while my DJ revolves it. Ice, Ice, baby. Ice, Ice, baby.
 Really, ten miles? You're orbiting inside the atmosphere? Moron.
 Okay, gotta go.
 Leonard's putting disgusting memories in my memory foam mattress. Can I stay here tonight?
 I guess that's okay.
 She's kidding, right?
 Can I sleep here tonight?
 Leonard's having astronomically inaccurate Star Trek sex with my sister.
 Oh, don't bother. I'll just sleep in Leonard's room.
 Well, he's in my bed. Why can't I be in his?
 Come on, dude, I'm exhausted, and Tyra Banks says the most important item in your makeup bag is a good night's sleep.
 Good night, Sheldon.
 You're kidding.
 I was sleeping.
 Well, I would've slept in my own bed, but it was being used to bring shame to my family. And the memory of Gene Roddenberry.
 Scotty, I need more power.
 Are you kidding? He made me sign a waiver, participate in an emergency fire drill and take a refresher course in CPR. Thank God he had a dummy.
 Oh, my God, she's that Mona? Why can't you and my sister spend your nights here?
 Sheldon doesn't get along with Sheldon. It's still no reason for me to have to listen to you arm your photon torpedoes every night.
 Can I bring girls here?
 Okay, deal.
 He's right. A minute on the lips, a lifetime on the hips.
 When did you take my blood?
 What the hell is this?
 This says you can make end of life decisions for me.
 Did you sign this?
 Well, that seems fair.
 Sheldon, dinner!
 This is the difference between eating and dining.
 It's not a big thing. Just think of me as a brown Martha Stewart.
 I'm the new Homo in town. That came out wrong.
 He's living at my place, so I'm living here.
 It's a good thing.
 More wine?
 Well, it's a lot better than having to wear noise-cancelling headphones in my own apartment.
 Every night.
 It's my sister. Can we not talk about this any more?
 Yeah.
 Well, uh, to paraphrase Shakespeare, It's better to have loved and lost than to stay home every night and download increasingly shameful pornography.
 What's wrong with me, Penny?
 Hey, you totally got that right! E equals M C squared.
 To friendship.

