 Hey.
 What is it to you?
 Yeah, right. You’re just jealous because it turns out I’m Penny’s number two choice after Leonard.
 Why do you care so much? You’re dating my sister, and Penny and I are in love.
 Yes, I am. The god Kamadeva has shot us with his flowery arrows of love.
 He’s the Hindu version of Cupid, but way better, because he rides a giant parrot.
 Rubbish. He’s talking rubbish.
 That could have been about anyone. Besides, you have nothing to worry about, because now I’m the dusky half of Koothrapenny.
 Please, come in.
 Well, you were always so nice to me, I thought maybe you liked me.
 I’m sorry.
 I will. Hey, Bernadette?
 Do you think I have a shot with Penny?
 Hi, Amy. Can I talk to Penny?
 It’s all over her Facebook page.
 I was wondering if you’re free Friday. They’re having a Totally ’80s Night at the Greek. Hall & Oates, Katrina and the Waves and three-fifths of Kajagoogoo.
 Aw, there’s a thing.
 You can’t ruin a friendship with sex. That’s like trying to ruin ice cream with chocolate sprinkles.
 Oh. All right.
 Well, uh, as your friend, you might like to know that, um, we didn’t have sex in the conventional sense.
 No, no. After we got undressed and jumped in bed, you, you asked if I had protection.
 Of course. I’m always packing. Anyway, um, I had trouble putting it on and you tried to help and, that was all she wrote.
 I did. It was beautiful.
 Penny, please, please promise me you won’t tell anybody about this.
 Oh, good. Um, can I tell people that our love burned too bright and too quickly? Kind of a Candle in the Wind deal?
 Cool. Can I say it fell apart because you were all, I want to have your babies, and I was like, I’m too rock and roll to be tied down?
 Can I say I ruined you for white men?
 Okay, just the candle thing.
 Cool. All right friend.
 I’ll see you around.
 Penny?
 It’s getting beautiful again.
 Screw you. That was a beautifully written penis metaphor.
 Sure, whatever.
 Here, here.
 Please, Penny, let me. We’ve decided to let our crazy, wonderful night together be just one of those memories you have and can call to mind when you’re feeling blue or you’re in the shower.
 Sorry. Go on.
 This is fun. I’ve never used a hydraulic thermoforming press before.
 Oh, yeah. This is one good-looking panini.
 Come on, dude. This is my sister you’re talking about.
 How can you be so racist?
 I’ll try it. Like this?
 Like this?
 Better?
 I’m impressed. This is very lifelike.
 I, I nibbled. I was being playful.
 Sorry. Better?
 Yeah. Hey, you know, if this was in Sheldon and Leonard’s apartment, I wouldn’t wind up sitting on the floor all the time.
 Three!
 What kind of idiot throws away a terrific chair like this?
 Mmmmmm.
 Maybe. Why not? Who do I have in my life to watch my figure for?
 No, it’s just that everybody’s got someone. Sheldon’s with Amy, Howard’s getting married, you’re dating my sister.
 You know who I blame for my loneliness? The United States of America. Your movies and your TV shows promised streets paved with beautiful blonde women with big bazongas.
 That’s cruel. You know it goes straight to my hips.
 I don’t know if I want to play anymore.
 What’s it thinking about now?
 Hi.
 Does she really mean that or was she signing it sarcastically?
 Okay, I’m going to play it cool. Tell her, maybe. Whatever, babe.
 Ah, look at that. I have a date. I love America again.
 Okay, as soon as she gets here, so she knows I’m cool with it, I’m going to make a joke about her being deaf. I was thinking, hey, did you hear the one about…? Oh, no, I bet you didn’t.
 Oh, she’s here.
 Tell her it doesn’t matter. Tell her, her eyes shimmer like opalescent lilies in the lake of the palace of the celestial maidens.
 I worked on it all night. Use it.
 Then spell it.
 You’re blowing this for me!
 You’re making me sound like a caveman.
 Really? Ask her how many children she wants, and whatever number she says, say, me too.
 Fine. Tell her I have a deep, sexy voice like James Earl Jones.
 Great. Then she won’t know I’m lying.
 Let’s see, what else can I tell you about me that would make you like me? Ooh, I love music. Do you love music?
 You’re right. Everyone loves music.
 No, but when I was six years old, I tried to start a boy band called Frankie Goes to Bollywood. But I couldn’t get any other boys to join, so my parents asked the servants to be my backup dancers. Wait, when you sign servants, don’t sign it like I’m bragging. Sign it in a way that I sound humble with just a hint of, that’s right, I had servants.
 Yes, but she doesn’t. So get signing, hand monkey.
 What are you doing?
 Dude, what is she saying?
 What? Why?
 It’s a little hard to see with the city lights, but that W-shaped constellation is Cassiopeia. And she was the mother of Andromeda who’s over there.
 Good, good. Oh, boy, help me out here. Does she want me to kiss her or not?
 If you were me, would you kiss her?
 I was so smooth on that date.
 Whatever, dude. She kissed me.
 Oh, fine. Let’s agree she kissed both of us.
 I’m so mad at you!
 How dare you ambush my girlfriend at the gym!
 I’m hammered.
 The best one I ever had!
 Aha. I see what’s going on here. You and I had our crazy night together, and now you can’t stand to see me with another woman.
 It’s okay. I can’t get mad at your feelings.
 Yeah, that’s good. Keep telling yourself that.
 I have a surprise for you. Cover your eyes. Open them. It’s a real ruby. It was a little expensive, but no one can put a price on love. Although, the people at Cartier took a pretty good shot at it. Oh, Mummy, Daddy. What a nice surprise.
 Penny?
 I just got her a couple of things. She gives me things, too.
 What? You’re going to make me choose between the woman I love and the money I have very strong feelings for?
 Well, I choose love.
 My parents are making me choose between money and you. I choose you. No, I think we’ll have to return the car. And that necklace, yeah, that, too. But none of those things matter, because we have something better. We have love.
 Oh, Penny, I hurt so bad.
 Sometimes I put the TV on mute just to pretend she’s still with me. But I can’t watch the closed captioning without crying.
 Seriously? I’m heartbroken and you’re hitting on me?
 Look, Penny, you’re great, but I had a long talk with my parents, and they said if I date an Indian girl, I get a Maserati.
 Mmm. Oh, cheesecake, you’re just as good as a woman, even though I can’t have sex with you.
 Wow. You’re not only our first astronaut. You’re also the first one of us to kick a girl out of bed. You’re like a rock star.
 So, what’s gonna happen next? Are you and Bernadette going to break up?
 Then she’s going to have to convince your mother to let you go into space.
 Sure.
 Hey, you know that beautiful actress who plays the Borg Queen in First Contact?
 Well, I just met her gynaecologist!
 Hey, look who decided to show up.
 I couldn’t find you guys so I bought six new friends. Three, sadly, are dead.
 Of course. Mrs. Cooper. So nice to see you again.
 Nothing, I’m fine.
 No. 
 I’m so lonely.
 I didn’t get a lot of that because of your accent, but the general tone was soothing and somehow I feel better.
 Hey, none of our gods have abs like that.
 You should’ve seen your face.
 He’s probably right.
 I had pee his pants.
 What is she doing in a comic book store?
 Good morning, Sheldon.
 You have a thing of paper clips right there.
 I don’t know. Maybe.
 All right. Who do we have here?
 Oh, did some bad man put us in a drawer?
 Let’s go to the biology lab and find you some nice yummy mice.
 Totally. What’s wrong with cap sleeves? If you have the right figure for it, they’re adorable.
 Mm, I’m thinking about adopting some quirky affectation, like a pipe or a monocle or a handlebar moustache.
 This is not a safe place. You can’t share anything here.
 Come on, Sheldon, Star Wars.
 I really don’t get your problem with birds.
 Hummingbirds are pretty.
 Still my first choice for an ankle tattoo. Or a dolphin, I go back and forth.
 Yes, please. This is way better than the movie.
 That is one tough birdie.
 Hey, look, the new Warlords of Ka’a expansion pack is out.
 They’re not even trying. Remember the Satanimals pack with the Hellephant? Why, absurd. What was he, a bad elephant who died and went to hell? What could an elephant possibly do that would cause him eternal damnation?
 A total loser. Obviously a guy with a six-shooter beats an old man with a magic wand.
 Stuart, settle an argument for us. Who would win, Billy the Kid or the White Wizard?
 I’ll take one.
 Wild Bill Witchcock.
 Incredibly so.
 Incredibly so.
 Annie Ogly.
 Totally you.
 Hey, guys, check it out. The deluxe limited edition Wild West and Witches expansion pack in the signed and numbered collector’s tin.
 Yeah, it’s also a wand.
 Please. You’re looking at Facebook to find out how their date went.
 You’re so full of it.
 You unfriended me? Seriously?
 Is that him over there?
 How about that guy? He looks like he’d hate you.
 So, have you figured out what you’re going to say to him?
 What’s that one?
 Hey, I won a Newcomb medal, too.
 That sounds amazing. First movie I’m watching, Annie.
 That’s funny because those aren’t the kind of kisses you want on your nipples.
 That was pretty badass, dude.
 What’s that?
 Ordinary, yet I sense it is dripping with magical potential.
 I’m telling you, dude, there’s a seat on the Hogwarts Express with your name on it.
 Can’t you just enjoy the wonder, Sheldon? Why must you peek behind the curtain? Or up the butt?
 Oh, me, too. You’re so caring. I’ve often pictured you guiding a young boy into manhood.
 Hey, just because a man shows caring for another man doesn’t mean he’s displaying the love that dare not speak its name. Did she definitely say she didn’t want kids?
 Wow, that’s rough. Where’d you get that?
 What’s your mom going to say if you call off the wedding?
 Did you forget what Penny did to you? It took you two years and defiling my sister to turn that frown upside down.
 I heard you call her Brown Sugar. In my book, that’s defilement.
 If they ever make a movie version of that book, you know who should play Leonard’s mother? Sandra Bullock.
 Because she’s great in everything.
 He’s got to be doing this on purpose.
 I guess it didn’t go well.
 You were in the middle of an erection.
 I will take that action.
 I stopped on the way to work. Hey, do you want to peel the plastic off with me?
 Grab a corner. Whoa, what’s your hurry, cowboy? Savour the moment.
 Hey, I let you peel the plastic, don’t get greedy. Hello?
 What’s your name?
 Are you single?
 Yeah, you’re right, that’s too personal. We hardly know each other. How about a cup of coffee?
 I will see you gentlemen later.
 So, Siri, what’s happening? How are you?
 What are you doing right now?
 You have a beautiful voice.
 I bet it is. Why don’t women like me?
 No need. I’ve already done that. Siri, do you have a last name?
 Ah, one name. Like, uh, Cher, Madonna, Adele. All the women who rock me. My name is Rajesh, but you can call me Raj.
 I’d like you to call me sexy.
 Okay.
Siri, I’m in the mood for gelato.
 Thank you, darling.
 I’m sorry?
 I haven’t bonded with it.
 It’s just a phone.
 Thanks, Barry. Siri, remind me Friday morning to make my famous popovers.
 Hey, don’t talk to her like that. She’s a lady.
 Good timing. Dinner’s almost ready.
 Oh, an exotic little treat. I was just talking to Siri about Peking duck, and she said she knew about four Chinese grocers, two of which were fairly close to me. Her spontaneity is contagious.
 Can I pour you some wine? I think you’ll enjoy it. The traditional choice with Peking duck is a Sauvignon Blanc, but Siri suggested an off-dry Riesling. I wasn’t sure, but I didn’t want to have an argument with her in the middle of Trader Joe’s. Now, what should we put Siri in for dinner? Leopard, sparkles, or to paraphrase Coco Chanel, you can never go wrong with a little black case. Siri, play some smooth jazz.
 Oh, my God, Kenny G? This woman can read me like a book. I can’t believe I bought my soul mate at Glendale Galleria.
 Thank you. 
 No!
 Um, Expedition 31 will launch this spring to the International Space Station. Crew members will include Commander Tom ‘Tombo’ Johnson, astronaut Mike ‘Supernova’ Novacelik and Payload Specialist Howard Wolowitz.
 Dude, if you’re going to be an astronaut, you need to pick a cool nickname.
 Oh. If I had one, it would be Brown Dynamite.
 Are you not looking at me? I am Brown Dynamite. Why do you put six sugars in your coffee?
 How’d you do?
 They put you under for a cleaning?
 Maybe your nickname should be Brown Dynamite.
 Their meatballs are pretty good.
 Nothing, nothing.
 Ooh, ooh! What about we make your astronaut nickname Howard “Buzz” Wolowitz?
 Buzz Lightyear is not real.
 Well, are you talking about when he thought he was real?
 Okay, um, how about Crash”? Howard “Crash” Wolowitz.
 All right, um, how about, oh, how about Rocket Man?
 Maybe there’s a way to get them to come up with it.
 Okay, uh, what if we make Rocket Man your ringtone, and the next time you talk to those guys, I’ll call you and they’ll hear it. Plant the seed.
 They don’t call me Brown Dynamite for nothing.
 Ooh, Sock Mouth’s got him on the ropes.
 Oh, yeah. There’s a reason he’s Sir Elton John. They don’t make you a knight for writing Wake Me Up Before You Go Go.
 Gamma.
 Upsilon?
 Hey, guys, guys, President Siebert is headed this way.
 You know, if I had a week off, I’d go back to the Two Bunch Palms Resort and Spa in the desert. I tell you, an hour on the massage table with Trevor, and you’ll feel like you were born without bones.
 Really? What was I doing to your neck last night while you were playing X-Box?
 No hi, Raj? No how are you, Raj? Just straight to where’s the other white guy?
 Ooh, gossip. When I first got here, I thought you Americans really gossiped around the water cooler. So I hung out there for, like, a month, but the only gossip I ever heard was about some creepy guy hanging out by the water cooler.
 Oh, that’s a shame, he’s gonna be devastated.
 Hmm. I’m gonna give you the same advice I yell at the TV when the Bachelor’s handing out roses. Follow your heart.
 Follow your heart.
 Like what?
 Mr. Roper’s dead? You can’t just spring that on a guy.
 It was a nice retirement party.
 Hey, look, there’s Rothman’s empty office. Sad.
 I’m glad that men are wearing hats again. They’re so distinguished.
 Would you look at this? I paid twenty five dollars to some kid on eBay for a handcrafted Harry Potter wand. He sent me a stick. He went into his backyard, he picked up a stick.
 Ooh, limited edition. Nice.
 How about you decide this with Rock-Paper-Scissors-Lizard-Spock?
 Hail.
 Is there anything you’re both equally bad at?
 Yeah.
 I’m happy for you, Sheldon. But I have to admit I’m going to miss sharing an office with you.
 Thank you.
 Well, at least you finally got a window that opens. That’s nice.
 What, you don’t like wind chimes?
 So?
 Payload Specialist Howard Wolowitz is requested to report to the NASA Johnson Space Center, Houston, Texas, for astronaut training Monday eight a.m.
 But it says eight a.m.
 It doesn’t have an oh in front of it.
 You could go to my guy. He’s at Juan-Juan in Beverly Hills. They bring you a cup of tea, they’ll massage your scalp. It’s about two hundred dollars, but sometimes you look in the next chair and you see a superstar like Tony Danza.
 Now who’s dying of jealousy? Oh, it’s you.
 Hey, want to spend some time playing the new Star Wars game this weekend?
 You know what would be great? Let’s do it like the old days.
 Yeah. Start Saturday morning, go 48 hours, sleeping bags, junk food.
 We were badass back in the day.
 It’s on like Alderaan.
 Woo-hoo!
 I can never find the tiller. I got a book; it didn’t help.
 Here you go. I’ve got everything we’ll need for the big game. Low fat turkey jerky, low-carb beer, 100-calorie snack packs.
 Hey, I plan on levelling up in the game, not my swimsuit size, thank you very much.
 What, you invited your girlfriend? This is supposed to be our weekend.
 Got him. When Gandhi advocated his philosophy of non-violence, I bet he didn’t know how much fun it was killing stuff.
 Bernadette, remember, your character’s the healer in our group. You’re in charge of healing all of us, not just Howard.
 But e-excuse me, I have something to say. None of you may realize it, but I was very much looking forward to this weekend. It was gonna be like the old days, the four of us hanging out playing video games before you guys all got girlfriends. Do you have any idea what it’s like to be the only one without a girlfriend? Even if I get one someday, I’ll still be the guy who got a girl after Sheldon Cooper!
 Just leave! Okay, now. This is the way it’s supposed to be. Men together, fighting the forces of evil.
 I can’t believe this is only 64 calories.
 I’ll let you know.
 Alright, uh, fine, I’m coming and I’m bringing somebody. Uh, Koothrappali plus one.
 Who are you bringing?
 Wow, what a bunch of Nosey O’Donnells.
 I’m not telling. I’m from Asia. I’m mysterious. Deal with it.
 Hello Mummy, Daddy, how are you?
 Listen, uh, there’s something I want to talk to you about. I, I wasn’t ready until now, but I think it’s time.
 No, I’m not gay. If anything, I’m metrosexual.
 It means I like women as well as their skincare products.
 ‘Cause I, I’m tired of trying to meet someone and, I think I’d like you to help me find uh, a wife.
 Yes.
 Oh yes. In my culture it’s expected to have a chaparone to oversee a first date. Plus I want to make a good impression and, no offence, but with you guys here I look like six two.
 Listen, I love your charming racist humour, but any chance you could not knock my religion while she’s here.
 It’s different. You’re people don’t worship lox.
 Oh, no, no, I get a say in it. But I’m sure whoever shows up will be better company than a threesome I’ve been having with Aunt Jemima and Mrs Butterworth.
 Oh, yes. You must be Lakshmi. Uh, nice to meet you.
 Oh, uh, these are my, my friends. This is Bernadette.
 And this is Howard.
 Please have a seat. I’m thinking double wedding!
 Well, I hope you saved room for chocolate lava cake.
 Well, you start off by trying to make chocolate souffle, and when it falls you panic, quickly change the name, and voila! Lava cake.
 Well, let’s see. Yup, three missed calls.
 I’d like to tell them things are going well.
 Okay, what page are you on?
 Say again.
 Like, dude on dude, but with women?
 Why me, of all people?
 I’m not gay.
 That’s Unbreakable by Khloe and Lamar. And for your information, it’s unisex.
 I like to boogie.
 W-w-with women. I like to boogie with women.
 Thankyou. And once again, my baloney likes girls. Wait-wait. You don’t want to put a bit of that in your mouth without trying my homemade chantilly cream. Yeah, okay, that time I heard it.
 Ready for lunch?
 Hey, uh, can I run something by you? It’s about Lakshmi.
 We hit a couple of bumps. She lives over on Manhattan Beach, so it takes over an hour to get there. And she’s a lesbian.
 Well, you know whenever you and I would try to hit on women in bars, and they’d blow us off, and then we’d tell each other they were probably gay. It’s like that. Except this time it’s true.
 She was looking for a husband so she can appear to be straight. And you know, it sounded crazy to me at first, but I’m actually thinking about doing it.
 Look, Howard, you’re in a relationship. You know you have to make compromises.
 It’s a great deal. We both get our parents off our backs. I don’t have to come home to an empty apartment every night, plus, once I’m married, I can finally eat carbs again and let myself go.
 Because this one wants to marry me. I might never find another one who does.
 I can’t believe your attitude. I thought you were in favour of gay people getting married.
 Do you hear how homophobic you sound?
 This is a treat, what brings you guys by?
 What, you told her?
 So, while I’m waiting for this mysterious perfect match, who may or may not exist, I’m supposed to just be alone.
 Oh, my goodness. Aren’t you the cutest little Yorkie ever? You got him for me?
 I think we already have. Thank you guys so much. Let’s see if you fit in my man purse.
 I don’t mean to burst your bubble, dude, but those penile enlargement pills do not work.
 Why?
 Oh, boy, Sheldon’s going to freak out.
 That’s really nice of you, Howard.
 That’s incredible. Oh, here, break out the math.
 Are you still going to tell him about you-know-who?
 Three times. He begged the Fox network not to cancel Firefly. He begged the TNT network to cancel Babylon 5. And when he got food poisoning at the Rose Bowl Parade, he begged a deity he doesn’t believe in to end his life quickly.
 You can make him do anything you want.
 Well, don’t be too mean.
 I wouldn’t mind a glass.
 Bring him to his bony knees.
 Wow, that’s amazing.
 I thought he might be a little more excited.
 Okay, uh, I’d pick swan because, uh, the resulting hybrid would have the advanced industrial civilization of a human and the long graceful neck I’ve always dreamed of having.
 He got us again.
 Anyway, if it’s okay with you, we should talk about Howard’s bachelor party.
 I’ve been doing some research on strippers. One agency I spoke to, said I could get us a great price if we’re flexible on age range and number of limbs.
 You don’t want strippers? You’re the king of strippers. The one club in North Hollywood named a pole after you.
 Maybe we can go up to Napa Valley. They’ve got that wine train.
 Anyway, it’s a beautiful time of year. Uh, you travel through the vineyards. There’s a tasting on board. And all the wild flowers are in bloom. It’s magic.
 Hey, everybody! The bachelor boy has arrived! For he’s a jolly good fellow…
 May I have your attention, please? We are hear tonight to celebrate the upcoming nuptials of my best friend Howard Wolowitz.
 Does anyone have any words they’d like to say about our man of the evening?
 To Howard.
 Yeah, to Howard. Um, uh, who’s next?
 Hear, hear.
 Okay, uh, anybody else? Huh? No? Okay, it all comes down to me, the best man. Ooh! This grasshopper is kicking my ass-hopper. Okay, when I first came to this country, I-I didn’t know how to behave or how to dress, or what was cool, I was pretty lonely. But then I met Howard, and suddenly, my life changed, because we could be lonely together. This man became my whole world.
 I’m not done, but thank you. I think back to all the good times we had, like, uh, when we went camping and spent that night telling each other all our secrets. I told him I’m addicted to pedicures and he told me he lost his virginity to his cousin.
 Oh, oh, yeah, and then there was the time when Leonard and I took Howard to Las Vegas and paid a hooker to pretend she was Jewish and that she wanted his little kosher pickle. Of all the Howard humping hookers stories, that one’s my favourite!
 Oh, oh, what about that tubby girl in the Sailor Moon costume at Comic-con?
 The only threesome I’ve ever had in my life, and I’m proud to say it was with this man right here.
 Oh, oh, don’t get me wrong, nothing happened with me and Howard. There was about 200 pounds of Sailor Moon between us.
 Of all the Howard humping hookers stories, that one’s my favourite.
 You know, we’re not that far from my apartment. If you stop the car, I can walk from here.
 Seriously, you don’t even have to stop the car. Anything under ten miles an hour and I can combat-roll into the street.
 Thank you, Bernadette.
 Dude, I am so sorry.
 I’ve got the phone number of the tubby girl from Comic-Con.
 All right. More Sailor Moon for me.
 Well, that wasn’t as entertaining as when he rents bowling shoes, but it was right up there.
 When you come back to Earth in a Soyuz capsule, you free-fall from space at 500 miles per hour, and the only thing that slows you down is a little parachute that pops out right before you crash into the ground. And the whole thing was designed by the same brilliant minds who were unable to capture Rocky and Bullwinkle.
 You weren’t?
 Oh, please. I don’t remember the episode of Star Trek where the guy never goes to space and brags about it in a tuxedo store.
 You’re nervous? I’ve been stress-eating for four days. Look at me. I’m wearing my fat pants.
 From that happy young couple over there with all the tattoos. Beautiful story, they’re in rival drug gangs, and they’re getting married. Shh, no one can know.
 Where did he pop the question? What did you say?
 Well, I know how to make it special.
 Yes, you made that brutally clear to me. What I was going to suggest is if that you’re willing to wait until Sunday morning, the Google satellite will be over Pasadena. You can have a wedding photograph from space.
 I keep telling you, if I wasn’t an astrophysicist, I would have been a party planner. It was always a coin flip.
 Oh, thanks, man.
 What, we’re ready when I say we’re ready. Uh-du-du-du, ooh, okay, now we’re ready.
 Penny. 
 Howard and Bernadette, the five of us stand before you as your friends and newly ordained ministers.
 Guys, when I look at the two of you starting your lives together, it fills my heart, It fills my, heart, okay, I’m going to need a minute.
 I believe you two have prepared vows?
 By the power vested in us, by the state of California…
 We now pronounce you husband and wife.
 Me, too.

