 Leonard? Leonard?
 You realize you and I could become brothers.
 I hope you're right. ‘Cause a grown man living with his brother and his brother's wife is weird.
 Okay. Do you think your father's doing unspeakable things to my mother?
 Are you saying that because the things are unspeakable?
 Very well.
 Hey, if you want me to sleep you're gonna have to stop talking.
 It was nice of her to show us playing dumb with an example.
 Whuh, are we still doing the dumb thing? Okay, why, what's wrong?
 Oh, golly, however did he humiliate you?
 Do I say stop what, or just throw in the towel?
 Oh, excuse me, that is my mother you're talking about, however accurately.
 And turned their phones off.
 You know, also, if they did have coitus, we'll all be needing a skilled psychiatrist.
 All right, so less or equally awkward, got it.
 Hello.
 So, did you defile my mother or not?
 Did that conversation include the phrase your genitals are a joy to behold?
 Or what a joy it is to behold my genitals.
 A man named Jesus convinced you to build a church in Africa. You're kind of a sucker.
 What? In the Chattahoochee National Forest in Georgia? I can't be the only one that knows that's halfway.
 What? But he's a mediocre academic. And according to Beverley, his sexual prowess is sub-par. He's basically Leonard with a bigger prostate.
 Yes, while also getting in a solid dig at you. Pretty efficient, huh?
 But why should you get to go and leave me here with your bickering parents?
 Hang on, hang on. We're smart, we can figure this out. Okay, so
 Great, now I have to start all over.
 You made God sad today, Mom.
 Well, that's still no reason to rush into anything. I mean, look at us. We took things remarkably slow. You and I, we didn't even hold hands for two years.
 Hey, hey. She's mine, take a cold shower, grandpa.
 Why do people cry at weddings?
 Speaking of love, STDs among the elderly are skyrocketing.
 Yeah, excuse me, I need to say something to someone pretty special, and I just can't wait any longer.
 Leonard, you and I have our ups and downs. But I have always considered you my family. Even before the recent threat of our parents fornicating like wrinkly old rabbits. I don't always show it, but you are of great importance to me. Both of you.
 Plenty of time for you to meet another geriatric boy toy.
 Yes ma'am.
 Well, and you need to drive the car and mind your business.
 What, you're not my mother.
 Yes ma'am.
 Look at this. Elon Musk has a theory that we're all just characters in some advanced civilization's video game.
 Well, he doesn't say it's a good game.
 Oh, what did he say?
 That doesn't sound terrifying.
 Gentlemen, I think we are losing sight of the real issue. We are on the precipice of becoming faceless cogs in the military-industrial complex. Isn't that exciting?
 Not at all. In Star Wars, when the stormtroopers would march in perfect formation, harassing civilians, didn't you ever think, hey, that could be me?
 Okay, Howard's on board. What do you think, Leonard?
 We don't need Howard's cousin. No, we have me.
 I am not a know-it-all. I'm a person who knows lots of things and likes to correct other people when they're wrong.
 Or in German, a Besserwisser.
 I don't see how a tax lawyer from Fort Lauderdale could be helpful regarding intellectual property.
 Hello.
 Don't sign anything? That's your advice? Okay, so, uh, if during this meeting, one of us were to, say, complete an oil painting, you'd recommend that we leave that unsigned?
 That's what you said.
 This must be how you practice law in Boca Raton, by saying things you don't mean and meaning things you don't say.
 All right, you were on Jeopardy. Allow me to Alex Trebek this and put it in the form of a question
 You don't need him. I'll represent you.
 I don't understand why I can't talk at this meeting.
 Okay. Quick question. Am I allowed to exchange pleasantries upon meeting this colonel?
 Am I allowed to inform him that Colonel Sanders was never actually in the military?
 Fine. Ooh. Can I use text-to-speech software?
 Aw, nuts.
 (Strangled sound)
 Yeah, we'll do it in two. Hi. I'm Dr. Sheldon Cooper. I'm the actual brains behind this project. Also, engineers aren't real scientists, MIT's a trade school, and the Death Star is from Star Wars, not Star Trek. But otherwise, thank you for your service.
 Hello.
 Oh, Leonard's mad at me, so I'm making him lemon bars.
 Not really. But I'm mad at him, too, so lemon bars it is.
 They made me promise I wouldn't talk.
 Well, now, see? You knew what was gonna happen. Why didn't they? Anyway, now we're committed to completing this project in a ridiculously short time frame, and everyone's upset with me.
 Mm. If it makes you feel any better, a parasitoid wasp known as Oobius depressus has been rediscovered after 101 years of presumed extinction.
 Why would your Bernadette thing make me feel better? At least mine was educational.
 Look, I'm sorry. Tell me why Bernadette is upset with you.
 Why would you do that?
 See, that's exactly what happened to me, except that I said it on purpose, and I have no regrets.
 I never realized this building was classified.
 The way you put away those lemon bars, perhaps that's a good thing.
 Why? It clearly doesn't work.
 Impressive.
 It knows.
 Yay.
 Oh, while you do that I am going to pump cerebral spinal fluid through my brain cells to remove the metabolic by-products of the day's thoughts.
 It's called sleep and it's my bedtime. Nighty-night, y'all.
 I know, I was there.
 How late?
 One o'clock? I'm not a raccoon.
 What? You have some coffee.
 And look how irritable it's making you!
 Fine. I don't think I can go much longer.
 I had a bad dream that my best friend became a tyrant and forced me to stay up all night to work.
 Ow, it does hurt.
 Oh, that was never happening.
 I won't be there.
 Huh, what?
 Oh, no, thank you, those have caffeine in them.
 I am cool. This is Yoo-hoo, chocolate milk's delicious watery cousin.
 Superheroes take performance-enhancing chemicals?
 I am facing a great deal of work. And I do like things better when famous people also like them.
 The first one's free? Flash, how do you stay in business?
 Gentlemen, I am ready to work. To quote The Martian, let's science the faeces out of this. That's The Martian the book and The Martian the movie, not Marvin the Martian. Although to quote Marvin the Martian, I claim this planet in the name of Mars.
 Oh, I'm fantastic, never been better. I had my first energy drink and I feel great. Hey, you guys want to wrestle? We can do arm, thumb, mud, sumo. Nah, we're not fat enough, or wearing diapers.
 My head hurts and I'm more tired than ever.
 No, I can do this. I just, I just need another energy drink. Oh, no.
 I want another one.
 That's a craving. That's a sign of chemical dependency.
 No, I know, but plenty of things are addictive after a single exposure. I mean, crack cocaine, nicotine, Pringles. You know once one pops one just can't stop.
 You want to bet? Oh, great, now I'm addicted to gambling.
 I'm sorry. Yes, of course.
 Just, please, bear with me if I display symptoms of caffeine withdrawal.
 You guys stink.
 Uh, you're really going to have caffeine in front of me when I'm trying to get my life back on track?
 I do.
 Yeah, but I do.
 With what?
 I thought I didn't have a problem.
 Leonard, can I ask you a question?
 Howard, can I ask you a question?
 All right, I'll just toss this out to the room. Um, I was thinking that the best way to fight my addiction is by weaning myself off in steps. Now, I couldn't find a caffeine patch, but I did find what claims to be a mind-boosting caffeine suppository. You know, the interesting fact about the rectum…
 You don't shove them. They come with an easy-glide applicator.
 I can't.
 No, I can't figure out the math. I've been racking my brain for days, and I've got nothing.
 I can't do it. I'm not as smart as I think I am. I'm so sorry. This is all my fault.
 But what if we can't?
 He said start with it, not end with it.
 The computations required to overcome the deployability issues are more significant than we thought.
 We, we really appreciate it.
 Popcorn's on me.
 Why are you all smiling like crazy people?
 Cohabitation with my girlfriend? That's a great deal to process.
 I don't know. What if living together kills the romance?
 Yeah, but what happens when we each get a peek behind the curtain? I mean, she's never even seen me unshaven.
 Don't try luring me in with sexy talk.
 If you want to lure me in with sexy talk, that's how you do it.
 Not yet. How will I learn if I'm comfortable living with Amy or just comfortable because I'm in my own apartment? Now, if this experiment is going to be valid, I suggest a neutral environment.
 Well, ideally, an enclosed, self-sustaining biodome in New Mexico, where we would eat crops fertilized with our own waste.
 Interesting. If my official residence were across the hall, I wonder if I'd need to knock every time I came over here.
 Historically, I don't do well with change.
 You're darn right, you wouldn't. No matter where I am, this will always be my spot. Like an embassy in a foreign country, this seat is the sovereign soil of my bottom.
 Very well. I'm on board.
 Yes. I accept this five-week mission to share a living space with my girlfriend.
 Well, now, don't be surprised if, like Star Trek, it's cancelled in three.
 Oh. Thank you.
 Of course, the ideal way to conduct this experiment would be with four pairs of identical Sheldons and Amys. One pair that was neither dating nor living together. One pair that was dating but not living together. One pair that was living together but not dating. And then, of course, one pair that was living together and dating. Although, with that many Sheldons, it'd be such a party, we'd never get anything done.
 Well, you've lived with your significant other for some time. I would like this experiment to go well. Are there any insights you can share?
 You know, Leonard and I were very happy before you came along.
 How many pairs of underwear did you pack for the move?
 You truly are the Goofus to my Gallant.
 Oh, excited, concerned, a little scared. All the same emotions I feel in line at Space Mountain.
 Okay. Talk.
 Wow, no foreplay or anything, just right to it.
 You're really okay with that?
 This is such a relief. Honestly, if it didn't get you all worked up, I'd kiss you right now.
 I know. They probably shouldn't sell those to children.
 Enjoy having the place to yourselves.
 It's Penny's bedroom. Plenty of men have gone before.
 I guess this is it.
 You, too. Oh, don't forget. Tuesday the air filters need to be changed.
 Oh. Oh, and every other day, check the water level on the avocado pit.
 Leonard, please, let me go.
 Oh. Bye.
 I guess the experiment begins.
 Which side of the bed would you prefer?
 No, no, we're living together now, everything's equal. You know? I know that I have a tendency to be controlling, so I would rather you choose.
 Well, clearly, it's not whatever I want, because what I want is for you to make this decision, and you refuse to do that.
 Like when you let me get those shoes with the wheels on the bottom, and then watched me roll right into traffic?
 Fine. Okay. Now, on this side, I am closer to the exit in case of emergency.
 No, but I'm also closer to the entrance in case of attack.
 Ah, then again, what are the odds of someone attacking me?
 Now, this side offers me proximity to the bathroom, but I am closer to the window where perverts can watch me sleep.
 I suppose that works.
 Although now I'm kind of worried someone's hiding behind those drapes.
 Be grateful I'm still in the room.
 Oh, I'm just happy I don't know what this memory foam remembers.
 Well, it's funny you should ask, because I was wondering how you'd feel about separating the two of us with a pillow wall.
 Okay, well, I am sorry. I'm just worried that my sensitivity to temperature could make this a rough night. And no offence, but your bottom radiates enough heat, I'm surprised there aren't iguanas lying on it.
 No, Dr. Feynman. If I solve it for you, you'll never learn.
 What are you doing down there?
 Who are you calling? Aaargh!
 Good morning. See? I didn't knock, but it's fine. I didn't knock, but it's fine. I didn't knock, but it's fine. So, how is everyone?
 Really? I slept great.
 How? You had the whole floor to yourself.
 Well, but what kind of scientists would we be, drawing a conclusion after only 12 hours of data?
 Wow. I anticipated we'd have problems, but I never thought your scientific rigour would be one of them.
 If the lab room disposable shoe cover fits.
 How dare you?
 Whoa, whoa! Now you're making fun of my bona fides?
 Well, if you are so protective of the scientific method, perhaps we should use the next five weeks to finish what we started.
 For science, maybe you should.
 Fine.
 Great.
 Does Stephen Hawking roll through the quad?
 Will you two please inform Amy how much you enjoy adhering to a strict bathroom schedule?
 I can if you'd just roll over and accept your fate.
 Oh, look who's in favour of compromise, the woman who married Leonard Hofstadter.
 Well I'm open to that.
 I think we should see other people.
 Well, as a male, I have an evolutionary drive to perpetuate my DNA. Restricting myself to a single partner is against my nature.
 Don't blame me. Blame your pal, biology. He's the pervert pulling the strings here.
 You know, people are quick to accuse me of being difficult to live with, but the truth is, Amy is just as challenging.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 When we're sleeping, she breathes on me. One night, it got so bad I almost grabbed Toto and headed for the storm cellar.
 She's always complaining about people at work.
 Do you know that when I get out of the shower, she eyes me up and down like I'm a piece of meat?
 I know. Sometimes I would just like to be appreciated for my mind.
 Have you noticed it's always an A-flat?
 If we're just going to drive around aimlessly, the least you could do is take me for ice cream.
 Well, see, why can't Amy be that subservient? She has coitus one time, suddenly she's Gloria Steinem. Anyway, I suppose an ice cream parlour will be a good place to meet other women.
 Being with Amy has awoken the sexual creature within. When I see a pretty gal walking down the street, I think, hubba hubba, like any other guy.
 No. No, if we both like it, I'll spend the rest of my life opening the freezer and going, aw, no strawberry.
 Hmm? Well, she spends her whole day scooping. One arm's probably bigger than the other.
 You are truly wise.
 I'd say wise beyond your years, but you're getting up there.
 Penny, I am going to tell you a story that I've never told anyone.
 I was 13 years old, and on spring break from college.
 I came home early because they ran out of math to teach me.
 My mother was at bible study. I walked in the house expecting to find it empty, and I heard a sound coming from my parents' bedroom. When I opened the door, I saw my father having relations with another woman.
 I know. It's also why I never open a door without knocking three times. I mean, the first one's traditional, but two and three are for people to get their pants on.
 We locked eyes, I ran to my room, and we never, ever spoke of it.
 Since Amy and I have been living together, we've been bickering like my parents used to.
 Yes. I need to prepare her now to save her from pain down the road.
 Well, anything can sound silly when you put it in that tone.
 I'm sure you're right. I suppose I should apologize to you, as well.
 That must have hurt watching me look for other women without ever even considering you. Please understand that I think of you as more of a nanny.
 Hello.
 I wanted to apologize for my behaviour today. It, it was unnecessary. This is warm. Oh, and also, I am willing to forego the bathroom schedule.
 Amy, you should know I was never really interested in seeing other women. And to prove how serious I am about us, I'm willing to take our relationship to the next level.
 Amy Farrah Fowler, will you share this toothbrush holder with me?
 We have people over all the time. We have the maintenance people, the pizza delivery man, that UPS driver who feels the need to ask how parts of me are hanging.
 All right, fine. Let's say that we were to entertain people. What type of gathering did you have in mind? Huh? A meal? Lunch? Brunch? Dinner? Afternoon tea? A formal tea? Hmm? Is it a party? And if so, what kind of party? Is it a cocktail party? A Tupperware party? Ooh, is it a surprise party? Oh, I hope it's not a West Coast party, 'cause according to the man on the radio, a West Coast party don't stop.
 Oh, don't be. You get your hopes up, I knock them down. That's called teamwork.
 You expressed an interest in having people over, and I feel I dismissed it too quickly. So, I took matters into my own hands, and I arranged a brunch.
 Oh, uh, Stuart, Bert from the geology lab, and Mrs. Petrescu from downstairs.
 Yes. Oh, fun story, she grew up with ten siblings. Or possibly penguins. Her English is atrocious.
 Well, for our first time hosting, I thought it would be wise to conduct a trial run. You know, like how I practiced for that Halloween haunted house by going into the bathroom at the bus station.
 You never saw what jumped out at me at the bus station.
 Oh. Well, the real surprise is how surprised you are that I'm great at surprises.
 Don't get me all randy. Guests are on the way.
 The average cork speed is 25 miles per hour. If that is too fast around a school, it is certainly too fast around a kitchen.
 Okay. I can do this. Just give me a moment… Oh! Mimosas coming up.
 Would you like one, Mrs. Petrescu?
 She's learning English from TV.
 Stuart, this is Bert from the Caltech geology lab, and this is Mrs. Petrescu from downstairs.
 So until Amy's apartment is fixed, she and I are living here together.
 This is it. You are the practice round.
 You know, exactly. We've never thrown a brunch before, and I wanted to work out all the kinks.
 Hmm. You see, your words sound reasonable, but your face looks angry. Help me out here, this is not where I shine.
 Okay, now, see, you look sincere, but your words are completely false. I'm glad we did this test run, these brunches are wild.
 Oh. Thank you.
 Well, no, that's not true. I mean, sometimes it's Koothrappali. But we're not supposed to say that 'cause he's a minority.
 Stuart, wait. I do know what it feels like to be left out.
 All right, this is about me and him, you're not part of it. Stuart, perhaps we do take you for granted, and that is not acceptable. Please know that you truly are a valuable member of our social group.
 You know, in fact, I'd like to propose a toast. To Stuart. A fine man, a good friend and a wonderful guest.
 Do you know what else I love about you?
 Your handwriting is impeccable.
 No, I mean it. I mean it. It's like you have the soul of a label maker.
 Hmm?
 You never know when two pieces of paper might temporarily need fastening in the top left corner.
 You know, it turns out, you can hurt people just as well without 'em.
 Oh, calm down. I already put away five of these. You see? No muss, no fuss, not a single cuss.
 Hello, I'm Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
 And welcome to the first on location episode of Dr. Sheldon Cooper and Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler present…
 Hit it.
 Who haven't learned their place yet.
 Dr. Fowler and I began an experiment in living together after her apartment became water damaged. This is our friend Penny's place. You may remember her from our episode, Flags and the People Who Don't Understand Them.
 So, let's roll up our sleevis and get to know Nevis. Well, I, I like that, but next time check with me.
 Buda and Pest united to form Budapest. And that's why Budapest is the Budabest. Now.
 Thank you for your services, gentlemen. Now, I'm hoping to broaden our audience with your youthful rock and roll music.
 Yeah, we could get Thai food near your apartment and then drop in and check on the progress.
 So?
 I am terrified of stepping on a nail and falling into a butt crack.
 You know, if you'd like, I could call your landlord and complain.
 Oh, I don't mind, I'm very good at complaining. If it were an Olympic sport, I'd complain about what a stupid sport it is and then I'd take home the gold.
 Is it me, or are you purposely changing the subject?
 I have a feeling you're still doing it. But I find that topic irresistible, so, now, in ancient Mesopotamia, the king referred to the people as his property.
 I'm concerned about Amy. She's acting a bit odd lately.
 Her behaviour. No, I have the feeling that she's hiding something.
 Well, whatever it is, it's troubling me. And I can't eat, I can't sleep. And don't even ask about the consistency of my bowel movements.
 Why would she keep something from me, you know? I shared my body with that woman. And my Netflix password. They recommended Stella Got Her Groove Back because of her.
 I don't understand.
 So, she's deceiving me in order to spend more time with me?
 Oh. Well, I feel both flattered and hurt. Like when people say I look like that skeleton from Nightmare Before Christmas.
 Well, I won't tolerate deception in my relationship. I have no choice but to confront her.
 Your Klingon word-of-the-day calendar's gone.
 It's khoo-vakh.
 No, no, he's over there.
 Are you going to confront Penny?
 Hmm. You know, perhaps instead of confronting them, we should see how far they're willing to spin their tangled webs. Like that Spider-Man action figure that used to be on your desk.
 Excellent. I'm very hungry. Speaking of which, what's going on with your apartment?
 Interesting. Very interesting.
 Wait, uh, you saw her apartment?
 Leonard?
 jlyajbe'. DaH nep'a' Penny? (I don't understand, is Penny lying?)
 Why are you speaking English?
 Oh, wait, stop that.
 Dayaj'a' (Do you understand them?)
 Qu'vatlh (Damn it.)
 How could you lie to me?
 It's all right.
 Despite recent events, I do consider our experiment in cohabitation to have been positive.
 I'm open to the possibility.
 Wuh wuh hold on, excuse me, that's my room.
 But that's my room.
 But that's my room.
 But that's my room.
 Hey, I get it. Everybody wants to spend more time with me. I'm like a man made of sugar in a world of ants.
 Night. If we did continue living together, would it be here?
 Of course there's, there's always your apartment.
 I hate your apartment.
 Well, I suppose we could find a whole new place. You know, and, technically, we don't even have to stay in Pasadena. We could, we could move to Altadena or a place that doesn't even end in dena.
 But what if we move and we don't like it? What if there's a smoker in the building? Or pets? Or there could be mould? There could be traffic noise. I'm gonna have to learn a whole new bus route. Are you trying to soothe me by singing the Star Trek theme as a lullaby?
 I'm not a child, don't do that.
 Do you know 2001
 I'm struggling with the thought of leaving my old bedroom.
 I need to see it. While I'm gone, don't breathe on my pillow.
 That's my girl. What on earth? What is going on?
 No.
 Can we just focus on the decision I'm facing?
 Gentlemen, please, this is a significant decision. Now, do Amy and I continue living together? Or do I move back in with Leonard?
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Apparently, figure this out on my own 'cause you guys are no help at all.
 Hello.
 I'm just contemplating Buridan's donkey.
 What, you're familiar with the reference?
 Exactly.
 Thank you.
 Really?
 Huh. Yeah, I wonder if that's related to the 12th century Persian philosopher, Al-Ghazali and his story of a man caught between two dates.
 Al-Ghazali was anti-Aristotelian? Boy, you think you know a guy.
 How much will it hurt?
 On a scale of one to ten, where one is a pebble in your shoe and ten is the monkey you thought was your pet biting your face off.
 Eating a whole Altoid?
 No, this is for science. I can be brave for science.
 Oh, jiminy, that's cold.
 All right, just warn me before you do it.
 You tricked me. You didn't say one.
 No, but three, two and we're done is incomplete. You know those things bother me. It's like hearing da-da-da-da-da-dah without yelling…
 Thank you. Now yell charge and we can get out of here.
 Did it work? Are they brain cells yet?
 Oh, just let me look. Oh, my goodness. I see quivering black lines. Those must be neurons, oh, they're so thick and beautiful.
 I have such a profound sense of creation. I, it's like when I hatched sea monkeys, except that this is from my DNA, so this is like me monkeys.
 Yeah, but us monkeys doesn't pop. Oh, oh, oh, oh, wait, we monkeys, there you go. Hey, when can we start running tests on it?
 What stimulus should we introduce it to first? Light, sound, temperature, oh, oh, let's expose it to images of me and you and see who it likes better.
 I understand. She's the mean one, I'm the fun one.
 Look, look, here I am standing next to the incubator. Uh, here is a microscopic view of the cells.
 Aw. Yeah, this little guy can already recognize electronically transmitted images 20% faster than any other sample in Amy's lab.
 Yeah, I have to say, it is nice to share this experience with someone who's on the same journey. Although right now ours is testing off the charts while yours is floating around in its own waste.
 Well, I didn't make you waddle up four flights of stairs for the heck of it.
 Yeah, but ours can recognize a specific data stream among background noise.
 Ours doesn't need an immune system because it lives in a state-of-the-art German incubator.
 Okay, fine. Let's just agree that both creations are special in their own way and it is foolish to try and compare them. Although, we didn't need to have sex with Howard for ours, so we win.
 Would you look at that? The image we gave it was 45% white noise, and it still managed to reconstruct it.
 Yeah, we need to stop for magnets on the way home, this is going right on the fridge.
 Oh, I am. And you realize what the next step is?
 Uh, no. We lock that door, lower our underpants a little and make a baby.
 Clearly the combination of our DNA is exceptional. Our child could be the next step in the evolution of mankind. We'll be able to get into any preschool we want!
 Oh, yes, you are. I track your cycle. For the next 36 hours you're as fertile as a manure-covered wheat field.
 I don't understand. I thought you'd be thrilled to procreate with me.
 Oh, I see what's happening here. You're playing hard to get.
 Very well. Oops, how clumsy of me. You know what? Let me get that. Hey. Where are you going? I, did you even look at my bottom?
 Well, hello.
 Would you care for a brandy?
 Good choice, it's disgusting.
 Who's trying to seduce you? After a long day I always turn on smooth jazz and spray deer musk on my inner thighs.
 Anything you'd like to pet? Not my hair. There's a lot of goop in it.
 Amy, come back. I don't know how to open the oysters.
 Amy, I didn't want it to come to this, but you have left me no choice but to employ the most passionate, seductive dance known to man. The flamenco.
 You guys are aroused, right?
 Everything is stupid and I want to go home.
 Hey, it's not even called the Genius Grant, it's the MacArthur Fellowship. Just like it's not Frankenstein, it's Frankenstein's Monster. Which brings us back to that hulking simpleton over there. And if anyone's a genius, it's me for the way I brought that full circle.
 Oh, good, maybe he can build a nicer bridge to live under.
 I know how to behave.
 Someone call George R. R. Martin, this guy knows how to finish a story.
 Some genius. I zinged him with sarcasm, he didn't even notice.
 Well, aren't you a peach.
 Who leaves their bike in the hallway? You know, if I knew how to ride one, I'd steal it.
 Who listens to the radio any more?
 You used to make those jokes about me. Now everything is Bert, Bert, Bert.
 You want me to read a geology paper?
 Yeh, why? Eh, why? Oh, that's why.
 I hope you're happy making me read this. Bert's work is remarkable, and I'm more upset than ever. This is worse than when I had to admit that Cedric the Entertainer's actually entertaining.
 Yeah, well I am angry. And you telling me not to be angry makes me angry. And do you know how hearing myself say the word angry over and over makes me feel?
 That's a good idea. I guess everyone's having them now.
 Fine. You can walk ahead of me and scare off the pigeons.
 I admire you, Leonard.
 You're happy with who you are. You don't get jealous of other people. Instead of being weighed down by ambition, you just float along like a dead body in a river.
 How did you deal with it?
 I can't believe I was surpassed by a geologist. I mean, rocks. He studies rocks. If rock is so great, how come paper beats it? Leonard, I'm having a primal urge to throw this rock.
 Perhaps I will. This rock encapsulates all my negative emotions. I will cast you far away. Feel free to take out a pigeon while you're at it.
 Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow…
 I tried to let go of anger and threw a rock into my foot.
 Yeah, but you've got all those things, and no one's lining up to be you.
 Uh, do you really think calling me names is helpful?
 Maybe you're right.
 Thank you, Penny. You know, I just need to keep reminding myself that Bert's success is not my failure.
 And that men of his large stature are more susceptible to a wide array of life-threatening diseases.
 Top of the afternoon, gentlemen.
 Well, it's a new day. I have a new outlook. You know, I realized I don't need to worry about other people. I just need to think more about myself.
 Bert did quality research, and he deserves whatever accolades he receives.
 Excuse me, I need to pay Bert a proper congratulations.
 Bert? I wanted to let you know that I read your research, and your award is well-deserved.
 Well, just this once, you can count me as people, too.
 Really? I didn't know that.
 You know, I'm not sure. You know, you'd have to ask him. Excuse me. Aah. Leonard, I hurt myself again.
 No, I went to punch the water fountain, slipped in water in front of the water fountain, and hit my head on the water fountain.
 I'm so disappointed in myself. Jealousy is completely illogical.
 Sorry I'm moving slowly.
 Oh, no. A plaque? Nobody wants to see this.
 I can't take this any more. Bert. Bert. Bert.
 All right, let's do this, Bert? We need to talk.
 Rock, rock, water fountain. I am not proud of this, but I have been envious of your recent success.
 I was hoping by admitting my weakness to you, I'd somehow be unburdened.
 No. Now that you know my weakness, I hate you more than ever.
 We, hang on, you're my enemy. Now, the enemy of the enemy is my friend. And right now, I'm my own worst enemy. That makes you my friend. Okay, I'm good to go.
 You know what? This isn't gonna work.
 Yes, that's right. I have Amy. In the past, you've professed feelings for her. Does it eat you up inside that I have her and you don't?
 I didn't punch him. He turned around, and I gave him a Captain Kirk karate chop. I'm not even sure he knows I did it.
 Professor Hawking.
 Thanks, Leonard, now he's not gonna think I'm cool.
 How do you deal with the success of your colleagues?
 I can't. Thank you, Professor Hawking. You are a gift to mankind. There should be statues of you everywhere. You know, the Lincoln Memorial has a big chair. We could swap you right in.
 What a wonderful idea, how does this man not have a Nobel?
 Do people know about her? ‘Cause she's delightful.
 Oh, actually, I would.
 Let's take every single thing from the other apartment and put it in here.
 You know, I have always thought that this couch would look fantastic on the curb in front of the building.
 You know, I wonder how she feels about all this artwork.
 It truly does capture the beauty of your friendship with Penny.
 Yeah, it seems only right that she have it back.
 Look, it's the same smile she has in the painting.
 Yeah, there's hooks in the closet, I can hang it right now.
 What happened to them?
 You know, Leonard, the more I think about it, there are a number of mutually owned items in this apartment that you and I should go through. Uh, for example, who gets our beloved sword, Longclaw?
 That seems fair, we did just give you the painting.
 Wonderful, Longclaw is mine. And how about you keep our avocado plant?
 Although, Amy and I did just move in together, and a plant is a lovely housewarming gift.
 Oh, we got a sword and a plant, our apartment's really shaping up.
 Oh. Remember when we got this at Comic-Con?
 It's one of a kind.
 Well, Leonard, you know, who should keep this? On the one hand, I love Mr. Spock more than you do. On the other hand, I care more about clocks than you do.
 I'll be right across the hall. You'll probably be able to hear it.
 Thank you.
 Oh, now, what about our 3-D chess set?
 Well, no, I just didn't think you'd want a physical reminder of a game you never managed to win. As a kindness, I should probably take all the games.
 Are you sure? These items represent our shared times together.
 For a man so good at predicting my moves, how come you stink at 3-D chess?
 It's not my fault I'm bad at sharing, I skipped kindergarten.
 Yeah, take whatever you want.
 But you don't even like flags.
 But I designed it.
 But you don't even understand its symbolism.
 Come along, Amy. I know when I'm not wanted.
 Well, powder me in sugar and call me a doughnut, if it isn't Leonard Hofstadter.
 If it's like your 3-D chess game, then you're out of your length, width and depth. Amy, get the Neosporin, somebody just got burned.
 All right, I tried. That should be the title of your autobiography. Ooh, a second-degree burn.
 It's a good thing you're cute.
 What do you think you're doing?
 This is the level you're stooping to.
 So, there are fresh linens on the bed and, oh, well, now, I see you've met Theodore. Theodore, these are your new room mates, Leonard and Penny. They're very honest, but I would not leave cash lying around.
 My room is paid up until the end of the month, so I can do with it whatever I please, which includes renting it out for a dollar a night.
 Anyway, I'll leave you be. I have to, oh, oh, he's expecting a newspaper in the morning. Apparently, they still make them.
 That's true, but had I done something under the line, there wouldn't be a man in your kitchen who can't produce a single form of ID.
 And now you know as much about him as I do.
 Will you keep it down? What kind of vengeful bed and breakfast do you think I'm running?
 I'm being awful? You're the one who went out of your way to hurt me.
 Dividing our belongings is difficult.
 I have to admit, leaving you to move in with Amy has been harder than I thought it would be.
 Leonard, I would like us to stop fighting about our possessions.
 In fact, I want you to keep the apartment flag, and I'm not just saying that because it touched your genitals.
 I do. And to show you that there are no hard feelings, I am willing to rub my genitals on it as well.
 Amy? Wake up.
 It's midnight. Happy birthday.
 This is for you. I was going to wrap it, but touching Scotch tape gives me the heebie-jeebies.
 A functional MRI of my brain. I did Sudoku before they took it so I'd be ripped.
 And it's not just an MRI. The orbitofrontal cortex is lit up because I was thinking of you.
 We seem to be moving on to the annual coitus portion of your birthday festivities.
 I didn't put on my come-hither plaid PJ's for nothing.
 Yeah. I'm afraid so. Childbirth, looming coitus? This is a banner night for female genitals.
 Wolowitz might hand out cigars. I had to find my bubble gum cigar so I could join in without looking foolish.
 I'm starting to rethink the Flash onesie I bought this kid.
 It doesn't matter what I want. It's your birthday, you decide.
 That's a bit childish, isn't it?
 Grape. I find it the most mild.
 Well, I believe we were kissing like randy teenagers, and your nose was whistling ever so slightly.
 Oh, don't be. You were like a foxy tea kettle.
 Very well.
 I'm not sure. Earlier tonight, things began organically, and now it's feeling forced, like all the Pirates of the Caribbean sequels.
 Oh, I know, but just, Leonard and Penny think we're doing it, and I don't want to disappoint them.
 No, and also, I don't want to disappoint you. I, you know, come on, it's your birthday. I can soldier through this.
 Intriguing. Is back on track a hint that it has something to do with trains?
 Because if it did have to do with trains, and you were gonna give…
 Not even a cozy sleeper car on the Orient Express?
 Who's killing the mood now?
 Can I look yet?
 Wowza.
 What, a Gryffindor sleeping with a Hufflepuff? How scandalous. You naughty girl, you went to the Wizarding World theme park without me.
 Yes, you're in trouble, you went to Wizarding World without me.
 You know I've been wanting to go.
 Oh, you're right. I'm sorry.
 Five minutes? We must be doing it wrong. It took us hours.
 She's right. You know, I just learned Amy went to a theme park without me, but I'm not going to ruin her birthday. I'll wait, and ruin 24 individual hours sprinkled throughout the year. Boop.
 But if my mom asks, we have bunk beds.
 I was not thinking it. Although, now that you point it out, it is undeniable.
 Raj, show some compassion. Those are things that we think but don't say.
 Oh, speaking of personal growth, I recently tried eating Swiss chard. You know, I didn't swallow it, but Amy said it counted.
 Some will be successful, some may be homeless. It's fun to think about.
 It was. Bernadette had her baby, I made it to Wizarding World, and now it is time to complete your birthday celebration. Hankius pankius.
 Amy, I just saw a magic train and reported somebody for cutting the line. If that's not foreplay, I don't know what is.
 Hello.
 Oh, you know., the lone star state. Hmm. That should be its Yelp rating.
 Yeah. It is good to be home. Oh, good lord, is that mistletoe? Don't you maniacs own a calendar?
 It was fine. Other than the weird-tasting juice Amy gave me, I slept the whole way.
 Well, we were on our way to my mother's house…
 How did we get in the car?
 Do we have to? I really don't want to hear the religious lecture.
 There's always one. She gave it to my sister about her boyfriend, my brother about his girlfriend, my father about his girlfriend. That one had some un-Christian words in it.
 Eh, I don't know. I am her precious little boy. And you did take my flower.
 Anyway…
 Given that your hands prepared it, isn't that a little self-serving?
 Welcome to Texas.
 Oh, wait, wait, shouldn't we just eat? You know, I mean, God did take time out of his busy schedule to bless these Sloppy Joes.
 All right. This is on you. Amy and I are living together in sin, like a couple of New Yorkers. Now, while you scold us, I'm going to get a knife and a fork. Joe may be sloppy, but Sheldon's not.
 What? Wh, where's the judgment? Wh, where's the fire and brimstone? Where's the part where you tell us we're going to Hell and I say have you seen the size of the bugs outside? We're already there.
 And what special circumstances are those?
 What, so you thought I was going to be alone for the rest of my life?
 Well, this is highly insulting.
 I'm the child she was worried about? I have a brother and sister whose combined intellectual wattage couldn't power a potato clock, if I spotted them the potato.
 Well, I was in my room, I couldn't hear what they were saying.
 Just being the unsocialised eccentric my mother always thought I was.
 Yeah. And I don't understand why you're taking her side. By being my girlfriend, she's saying you're a weirdo, too.
 And?
 Can you believe my mother thinks we're both strange?
 Well, first we buttered my feet to get the swim fins off, and then we went out.
 You're right. I have Leonard and Howard and Raj, Stuart, Penny, Leonard's mom, Bernadette, Wil Wheaton…
 I was going chronologically. You're right between Koothrappali's father and Omar, the one-eyed Sparkletts guy.
 I knew we should've never mentioned us living together in the first place.
 Disagree. We've known about evolution since 1859, she still believes in Noah and his amazing zoo boat. This could have all been avoided if you'd only listened to me.
 Why would you do that?
 You managed the situation?
 So my mother thought I was incapable of finding a mate, and my mate thinks I'm incapable of running my own life.
 I have gotten much better at that.
 What? How should I know? Excited? Itchy? Give me the first letter.
 How would you feel if I contacted your mother behind your back?
 Delighted? What., not if I guessed for a hundred years.
 Yeah. Here. I'll catch you up.
 How did we get in the car?
 I was acting odd intentionally.
 Well, there's really not much left to tell. I decided that my mother views me as a child because I never went through a rebellious phase, so, I got an earring. My mother made me take it out. Amy put alcohol on it. And here we are.
 I don't understand what's wrong with socks.
 So Bernadette, if I express interest in your baby will you promise not to make me touch it?
 Hey, how's life with your baby?
 To this day I've never touched Stuart.
 Wait, so how does the story end? Is the baby a jerk or is Bernadette a bad mother?
 What? Is there another twist coming? Is the baby not theirs at all?
 It says here that up to 80% of new mothers experience baby blues. And that the best thing to do is reassure them that they're doing a good job. Bernadette, you are doing a good job.
 Thank you, Internet. I'm telling you, with the right YouTube video, I can give Howard a vasectomy.
 Oh. A small human wreaks havoc on his wife's genitals and he gets time off.
 Leonard, i've been meaning to ask you, what size shoe do you wear?
 I'm trying to take more of an interest in other people's lives.
 That's small. So, tell me, do you have any plans for the weekend?
 Only if the answer is shopping for baby shoes.
 Oh, well you know, that is interesting. I wonder what kind of infection you'll come home with. My money's on fungal. They're still having girls night across the hall.
 At our age, why don't we call it man's night?
 If you do that, i'll win in eight moves. I'll win in five moves. I'll win in one move.
 Oh, Penny, I'm trying to take an interest in other people. Uh, how was your girls' night?
 Hmm. Did you have anything to eat?
 Anything to drink?
 Well, I'm just playing tennis against the drapes here.
 Leonard, she might be drunk. All she had was chips.
 Amy is free. She had a harp lesson on Saturday but it got cancelled. Boy, when you take an interest in people, you really uncork a geyser of nonsense.
 And if they have any of those tiny bottles of shampoo?
 You know what? I feel uncomfortable engaging in a public display of affection while their relationship is strained.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Yeah, I'll miss you too.
 Well, if x equals the amount that you'll miss me, then I'll miss you x plus one.
 Here. You're sad, so I made you tea.
 And it's just the way you like it.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Good Lord, I made you tea, just drink it.
 Well, what can we do to cheer you up?
 You want to play Jenga? Or, uh, Ticket to Ride? Hearthstone? What would you be the happiest losing at?
 Wow, and I remember when you loved playing games with me. Maybe Penny isn't the only relationship you're phoning in.
 Hmm. Yeah, you're right. It's like when I first encountered the Pythagorean theorem. You know, I was blown away that the square of the hypotenuse was the sum of the squares of the opposite sides. But now I'm just like, eh.
 Would you like to play a driving game I invented?
 Never mind. You know, Penny went to this spa to be away from you. Are you sure you should be going there?
 Very well. You got married spur of the moment, I don't see why your divorce should be any different.
 Hello, Amy. It's nice to see you.
 And that's how you make effort look effortless.
 You know what? If you'd like, I could whip up a quick relationship agreement. Well, I'm at a spa, I might as well do something relaxing.
 Very well. Hey, later we'll check out the minibar, I'll show you how Godzilla gets drunk.
 There's a cucumber in my water.
 Do they know it's there? I mean, should I tell somebody?
 Interesting. The world's most boring liquid and the world's most boring vegetable, but you put 'em together and bleugh.
 Oh good, you're here. Are you still fighting? If you get divorced, do I get two Christmas's?
 I get to write a contract? I say, let's get this party of the first part started.
 If you find this draft acceptable, then I believe your new relationship agreement is ready to be signed.
 I did this for free, let me get a little something.
 Oh well, great then, here, you sign here, date here, and Penny, if you could initial here to indicate that you're accepting Leonard in as is condition.
 Mm. You seem to be forgetting the no nostalgia clause.
 That's not a problem, we can figure this out. What are the reasons women reject Raj?
 Doesn't like games. That's one.
 Of course you're fine. Not every member of a species finds a mate. Sir Isaac Newton died a virgin, look at the contributions he made.
 So now you think you're better than Isaac Newton? Oh, no wonder women don't like you.
 What? He said he was fine.
 Oh, that's a paradox. I mean if you meant what you just said, then that means you may not have meant what you just said.
 Well, I thought we were having a nice conversation, but it turns out I was being offensive.
 Yeah.
 We were discussing Raj's recent breakup and apparently, I was insensitive to him.
 Don't fall for it. He'll get you to compare him to a dead virgin, and suddenly you're the bad guy.
 Then why didn't you say that?
 Well, I would prefer if people told me exactly what is on their mind.
 Well, it certainly would be easier. You have no idea what it's like to struggle with recognizing emotional cues.
 Thank you.
 Okay, now you're just showing off.
 A machine that reads emotions is intriguing. It could help me be a more considerate friend.
 It could also help me identify my enemies, discover their fears and then I could use those fears to destroy them.
 You could make it a train room.
 I know, and Amy says I can't have a train room.
 Wonderful. Although I'm not sure how I feel about being used as a guinea pig.
 Really? Uh, little tip
 Yes. Now, when the robots rise up, they'll know that I've been rooting for them the whole time.
 You are happy?
 Aw. Somebody's ignoring their tiny needle teeth, but all right.
 Sad.
 Oh, that makes sense, 'cause she's gone and you miss her.
 And you're worried that turkey neck is in your future. What, now, see, now it says you're mad. Make up your mind.
 Hey, Leonard, if you're happy and you know it, no need to clap your hands, because I have an emotion detector.
 Surprisingly well.
 No, wait, uh, hold on. Oh, what, you are. Aren't you sweet?
 Oh, ooh! And that makes Leonard angry.
 What, Leonard, please. I know an angry face when I see it. It's this red frowny guy on my phone.
 Yes.
 It's like you're twins.
 Well, hey. Now she's angry, too. This thing works like gangbusters.
 He's still mad.
 You first.
 Hey, I shared my Honey Nut Cheerios with you.
 You are lucky that this feelings machine doesn't have feelings.
 Gladly. Can we storm out?
 Fine. I'll just give them the finger.
 Not really.
 I wish I never tried that device. And I know I said the same thing after the massage chair, but this time I mean it.
 It's more than that. It's me. I always knew I had trouble recognizing other people's emotions, but that machine just made it so real.
 I thought I was getting better at it, but clearly I'm not.
 Yeah, but that's shooting fish in a barrel. You're kind of a sad sack. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that. I'm just upset.
 I feel the same way about you. Now, put your glasses back on. You look weird.
 Yes?
 Oh, it's fine. You needed a suitcase, I wasn't home, you borrowed a suitcase.
 Oh. Well, I thought we were going in order.
 Yeah, well, you should be. Your socks were still in it. I had to throw it away. Anyway, I, uh, trust that you've resolved your conflict.
 Uh, guys, it sounds like you're getting angry again.
 Yes. I don't need an emotion machine. I am one.
 I did. You know, I'm not even sure how accurate it was. I took it to the train store, it said everyone was sad.
 Hey, uh, Bernadette, let's test this theory. What do you think I'm feeling right now?
 Keep filling this one with babies. She's good.
 Gentlemen, we need to stop immediately.
 I'm looking at the math, and I think we can make the device between eight and ten percent smaller.
 Shame on you. Where would we be if poodle breeders had that attitude? I'll tell you. We would have the standard and the miniature poodle, but no toy or teacup. Which by the way, is not an officially recognized breed, but that's just poodle politics.
 Fine. Candy bars. Now, do you enjoy a fun size? I know you do.
 I don't want to go home.
 Then what?
 Oh, that was my sixth trip to the bathroom. As long as that's not a urinary tract infection, that's a personal best.
 Really?
 Congratulations. The bearer of this certificate is entitled to the ultimate train experience at The Nevada Northern Railway. You are at the throttle. You are the engineer. You are running the locomotive. This doesn't happen very often, but here comes a hug. Oh, dear, I have to tinkle again.
 You'll never believe it. Leonard gave me the most incredible gift, a trip to a historic railway, and I get to operate an actual locomotive.
 No idea. All I know is I'm gonna be working on the railroad all the livelong day.
 Oh, no. It's not just me. No. The railway is four hours from the nearest airport, and guess who gets to drive me.
 You.
 Oh, oh. And guess where we get to sleep? Our choice of a turn-of-the-century railway bunkhouse or a working caboose. Now, the problem with a caboose is there's no bathroom, but the problem with the bunkhouse is it's not a caboose. On the first day, I get to drive a steam engine. Oh, and the second day, a diesel engine. Oh, and if I volunteer to do track maintenance and paperwork, they'll let me stay as long as I want. So you might want to pack enough clothes for the rest of our lives.
 Oh, get this. I get to take a test based on a 125-page manual. I get to learn things like hand signals. Ooh. There's forward, uh, reverse, set the brakes. Are you done yet? You're missing some great stuff out here. Oh, this is good. There are dozens of railroad crossings you have to blow the whistle for. But that is the figurative you, not the literal you. I'll be blowing the whistle. Amy, get up. It's time to go to work.
 Oh, hey. If you knocked, I couldn't hear you. I'm welding this locomotive engine. And if you didn't knock, how about some manners?
 I said to myself, I think I can, I think I can. And then I couldn't, so I paid two men who promised not to come rob us later.
 Interesting. Well, so I was right.
 Well, I would love to help you, but since I discovered the satisfaction of working with my hands on a train engine, I don't think I can go back to theory. I'm an engineer now. And, hey, just to be clear, a train engineer. Not that goofy kind you are.
 Sorry. I need to work on this engine so when I get to the train yard I won't look foolish.
 Leonard, in the world of theoretical physics, you never finish. So much is unprovable. But when I was studying that railway guide, it was so tangible and so satisfying that something just clicked. Then it clacked. Then it clicked, then it clacked, click-clack clickety-clack, and here we are. Whoo-whoo.
 Well, good for you guys. Look, I have a grease smudge on my hand, and I'm okay with it.
 No, thanks. I'm busy trying to fix this fuel pump.
 Oh. Well, I guess it's fixed.
 That's wrong.
 Well, first of all, you can't use relativistic and non-relativistic vectors in the same equation.
 Okay, but this is the last time. Nice try, blockheads.
 Excuse me. I have a girlfriend. I'm already king of the train store.
 Oh, what choice do I have? You need me. I'm like the crankshaft of this team.
 Well, whatever it is, it looks heavy. I'm gonna need you two to get it downstairs before Amy comes home.
 I apologize that it's so warm in here.
 I've worked up a bit of a sweat.
 May I borrow your water?
 The light's green.
 GPS says we'll be at the railway in three hours.
 There's no way.
 Its weight and smoothness, along with the slight concavity of the mirror, means it can spin for a long time.
 Kind of busy right now.
 He's not gonna make it.
 You know, deep-sea divers holding their breath for several minutes have shown elevated markers of a protein that can signal brain damage.
 It's slowing down.
 He's not gonna make it.
 Oh, I won't. I only eat equilateral triangles. Isosceles, isosceles, oh, scalene. You didn't see that.
 Why?
 I have multiple restraining orders that say otherwise.
 If the judge couldn't explain it to me, I don't see how you will.
 Hello.
 Well, have a lovely evening.
 If you think that's more fun than talking to Zachary Quinto through a stall door, you're crazy.
 MSN Search, AltaVista, and Ask Jeeves. You?
 Bert, I insist that you join us.
 Not at all. Amy?
 Well, I could deduce by his facial expression and body language that he was sad.
 You want me to look at him and listen to him?
 Actually, we met online.
 Although, unlike your date, she actually showed up. Oh, he looks sad again.
 No. No, I only told Leonard, Howard, Raj, Kripke, uh, Professor Wu, Professor Klein, and a lunch lady in the cafeteria. How everyone else found out is a mystery to me.
 Why aren't you talking to me?
 Oh. Well, now I'm sorry I asked.
 What is there to gossip about? We barely have one.
 Is it safe to assume you're not speaking to me again? If you're not answering because you're not speaking to me, perhaps we could come up with a signal. That works.
 Well, wait. This is our first fight as a couple who live together.
 I'm not sure of the protocol. Television teaches us that the man's supposed to sleep on the couch, but of the two of us, you're clearly more sofa-sized.
 This isn't fair. You've discussed aspects of our physical relationship with Penny.
 That lady has a name. I don't know what it is, but one time I accidentally called her mom.
Amy? Amy? Amy?
 Not exactly the welcome wagon, but I'll take it.
 I'm mapping basic topics of conversation and with whom they can be discussed. I call these circles zones of privacy. Don't Google that unless you want to see pictures of people's genitals. This circle contains only me and you. It represents subjects we only share with each other, details of physical intimacy, bathroom habits. Although, as I'm saying it, I may need to add Dr. Fink in here.
 No, I was just excited to list him as a friend.
 I'm sorry you were embarrassed. And now I understand that some things are just between you and me, and in the event of redness and swelling, Dr. Fink.
 That's reserved for thoughts I don't share with anyone.
 Of course.
 No, they're private.
 A little.
 Fine. Two years ago I got my driver's license.
 I like being chauffeured around. It makes me feel important.
 No, you didn't. But keep in mind, I felt extremely important.
 Excuse me. May I have your attention, please? I have recently been made aware that my personal relationship with Amy Farrah Fowler has become water cooler gossip. And I just want to say, shame on all of you. We're scientists. Our minds should be focused on the advancement of human knowledge, not the intimate details of other people's lives.
 Thank you, Bert. You're a good man. That woman who stood you up and humiliated you last night really missed out.
 Oh. Oh, I'm sorry. Correction, that woman not only had vigorous coitus with Bert, she also tipped him a dollar for a job well done. – That better?
 All right, well, to sum up, focus on science, keep your nose out of other people's business, and, uh, whoa, for a good time, call Bert.
 Well, last night Amy was angry with me because I'd been foolishly telling people about certain personal matters.
 Oh, I know that now. At first, I thought she was cranky because of her horrific menstrual cramps, but it turns out, no, she was genuinely mortified.
 Uh-huh. Interesting. Okay.
 Let me put it this way, do you own a barrel and suspenders?
 I'm not wearing this visor to play women's golf.
 Well, his rent and car lease are exceedingly high. You couple that with his penchant for dining out and shopping.
 He also has a remarkable amount of credit card debt.
 What emergency happened at the L.A. Zoo?
 No, absolutely not. You can't afford to hire someone who'll forbid you from spending your money on foolish expenses. That is a foolish expense, and I forbid it.
 He sounds like a sociopath.
 You're talking about me. Very funny. Although I would enjoy drawing up a budget and forcing Raj to adhere to it without an ounce of compassion.
 Very well. Hey, Comic-Con tickets go on sale this Friday. You can't buy one.
 She's gonna hate waiting in line for the panels.
 She's gonna hate the panels.
 You can always watch the panels online. Oh, boy, we do say that a lot.
 You put me in charge of your finances. If you wanted someone weak and spineless you could walk all over, you should have asked Leonard.
 Your father may have spoiled you, but I won't. If you want a ticket to Comic-Con, I suggest you figure out a way to earn the money yourself.
 I'm gonna go as Dumbledore.
 That's probably my fault. She may have heard about my cool Dumbledore costume.
 If I may speak for Comic-Con, we don't want that either.
 No, but it's honest, and it sounds like you could use a little more honesty in your relationship.
 I'm always honest with Amy. The other day she said she was self-conscious about the beauty mark on her shoulder, and I said, you know, you can call that a beauty mark all you want. When there's hair growing out of it, that's a mole.
 I should hope so. When she called me an insensitive jerk, I'd like to think she meant it.
 Very well. Prepare for a long night of deceit.
 I was talking about Leonard. And if make up is so truthful, why is it called concealer?
 He doesn't really want Penny to go to Comic-Con. He's just doing it to make her happy.
 So they're both trying to make each other happy, and the end result is they make each other sad? That's hilarious. I can't wait to tell them.
 Why?
 Well, if you haven't noticed, I've been between them for the last ten years.
 Hello.
 Are you listening to this? They deceive each other about everything.
 This is an interesting way to stay out of it.
 Yeah, well, get this, neither does Penny, that's why she doesn't want to go. You set 'em up, I knock 'em down, good job.
 Not entirely, the fight over who's going to drive is still…
 Well, with as much debt as you have, probably not next year either.
 Hold on. Is it back pay or is it a gift?
 When the IRS questions us in separate rooms, we need to have our stories straight.
 I'm a big boy, and if I missed one, I'd throw a big-boy tantrum.
 Nuts to that, I'm going to Comic-Con.
 Not necessarily. I have four months to find some new friends.
 That's very kind of you, Stuart. Check back in with me in July.
 There's my pretty girlfriend.
 What? Can't a man just be happy to see his woman and pat her on her second most erogenous ball-and-socket joint?
 Well, maybe what's in my pants will change your mind. It's a list of this year's panelists. It's long, isn't it?
 I know our apartment's small, but I think we can make room.
 Wow. I'm starting to think you didn't mean it when you said you wanted to spruce up the place.
 Hi, uh, Penny, this circular is addressed to occupant, but with our apartment switch, it's unclear whether it's yours or mine.
 Roofing.
 Okay, thanks. Just throw it out. Speaking of occupants, I'm given to understand Raj will be moving into my old room.
 What about his dog?
 I suppose that's acceptable.
 If real dogs gave me buttons, I'd like them, too. Well, I think it's very nice that you're helping out our friend.
 And what is that supposed to mean?
 If you're implying that I'd have some problem with him moving into my room, you're wrong. Raj is in a difficult financial situation, and I'm glad that he's making changes to improve it.
 I mean, it's unfair; people just assume I'm going to be upset by Raj moving into my old room.
 Oh, I'm outraged.
 Well, that's been my room since before I met Leonard, and now someone else is going to be living in it. And that someone else is not me. And you know how I feel about people who aren't me.
 Wrong. We were standing outside my room in the hallway.
 I realize it's irrational, but with Raj moving in there, I'm feeling a bit replaced.
 Yes, probably. But until we know for sure, how can I feel better?
 All set.
 A housewarming gift for Raj.
 It's nothing like that. I just, I thought about Raj's situation, and I had a change of heart. You know, and regarding your gift, you said surprise me, and, boy, did I. Hello.
 Uh, wait, before we eat, I have a little welcome to the building gift for Raj.
 Well, I had some of my best ideas in that room, and I'm sure you will, too.
 Well, I know this is a difficult time for you. You're losing your apartment, you're in debt, and you just, you must be humiliated.
 Oh, good grief. She is such a stickler for citing sources. Those were Amy's words.
 I know, I know, good grief was originally said by Charlie Brown, geez.
 Can you believe this guy?
 I thought that was gonna break the other way.
 Fine. You took my room. You turned my friends against me. I hope you're happy.
 How come he can say it and I can't?
 Honestly, I've been better. Do you have time? Leonard says you're very busy these days.
 Well, our friend Raj moved into my old room, and it's brought up a lot of negative feelings for me.
 Beverley, you know I hold you in high esteem. Can we skip the part where you pretend not to know the answer, and get to the part where you tell me the answer?
 I have.
 I hadn't thought about that.
 I had no idea all our relationships were such a disaster. Boy, you're good.
 Hey, Raj, I owe you an apology. Look, could you please put your dog on a leash?
 Well, then at least hold her still so I can pretend she's stuffed. Raj, I let my emotions get the best of me, and I unfairly took it out on you.
 No, I can't take all the credit. I spoke with Leonard's mother, and she made me feel better.
 Beverly pointed out that I'm experiencing insecurities in my relationship with Amy, in the same way that Leonard and Penny are in their relationship.
 Yes, you're fine as long as you have a buffer living with you to distract from your marital problems. It used to be me. Now it's Raj and his attack Tribble. Anyway, I'm sorry for everything. Oh, and FYI, if you cry while they're fighting, they'll take you to McDonald's.
 I can't sleep.
 Beverley believes I unconsciously consider my old room an escape hatch.
 Yes. I don't care for unconscious thoughts. My brain and I are best friends. It should tell me everything.
 What if she's correct? Doesn't that say something troubling about us?
 That is true. Did you know I figured out in which order I would eat all my friends in the event of an apocalypse?
 Penny would be the entree. Then Leonard's basically a cheese course. And because I love you, you're dessert.
 Amy, quick, lock the door.
 You know what? I'm proud of us. Yeah, with Penny and Leonard taking in Raj, and Stuart living with Howard and Bernadette, we're the only couple of our social group who doesn't need to fill the holes in their relationship with a third party.
 Things have been going really well with the infinite resistance gyroscope.
 Oh, the project is classified. I can't tell you. Oh, I suppose I could redact the classified parts. All right, um, I came up with an elegant solution to the I used the... And then I... And that did it. Wow, I wonder what they're redacting.
 Oh, very well. What have you been working on? And feel free to honk during the boring parts.
 So you're attempting to pinpoint where consciousness resides in the brain.
 Well, what do you know? Here I was, waiting to be bored with biology, and instead you tickle my intellectual fancy. Which, unlike my body, is an okay place to tickle.
 Gentlemen, the most interesting thing just happened with this spoon.
 Yeah, I picked it up without thinking about it. Which raises a neuroscientific question, when did I decide to pick it up?
 Amy is studying the time lag between intent and awareness, and I realized that applies to the measurement problem in quantum mechanics. Now, I recognize there will be a time lag between me saying that and you Googling what it means, so I'll wait.
 Well, don't get me wrong. Neurobiology's nothing more than the science of gray squishy stuff. But, you know, when it connects to physics, gas up the Ford, Martha, we're going for a drive.
 I was thinking about your experiment on the neuroscience of decision making, and I realized, if we connect it to the measurement problem in quantum mechanics, we have a chance to disprove the role of consciousness in the Copenhagen Interpretation.
 It could be the most inspired combination since I mixed red Icee into my blue Icee. It was like drinking two sevenths of the rainbow.
 Yeah, and this one won't stain my teeth purple.
 That is a valid point. Perhaps we should establish some ground rules.
 All right, let's start right now. Uh, rule number one, no using sexuality to get your way.
 Is it?
 I believe I've made some progress on our ground rules.
 Okay, uh, number one, in matters of physics, I have the final say. In matters of neuroscience, you have the final say. Unless I disagree. Oh, here. Number two, when we publish, my name goes first. Oh, subsequently, if we win any awards, I speak first. I don't want to be talking when the orchestra plays us off.
 Oh, of course. I'll get that back. Like all my underwear, that notebook says Property of Sheldon Cooper.
 I'd write that down, but I can't now, can I?
 Thank you, you are a good citizen. Told you. Go ahead, throw my underwear out the window. Same thing's gonna happen.
 Fire away.
 That's smart, because Sheldon 1, Amy 0.
 Aw, someone drew a penis in it.
 I'm sorry, go ahead.
 Ooh, that sounds fun. Now, we're talking about real treats, right? Not Bible verses like my mother used to give me.
 Biology and physics coming together, this is like the peanut butter cup of the mind. Oh, I know what I want my treat to be.
 Yes, this is remarkable.
 By the way, your name can go first.
 Yeah, the math is so inelegant. I'm not even sure it makes sense.
 Can you stop breathing so loud? I can hear your nose whistling.
 All right, either blow your nose or teach it to play Camptown Races.
 No, I can still hear it. Oh, wait, that's me. Never mind, it's fine.
 Hold on. I see what's wrong here. We did the propagation only to the occipital lobe, not to the prefrontal cortex.
 Oh, that is much better. Yeah, boy, if good ideas came out of your brain the way mucus comes out of your nose, we'd be in good shape.
 Just because I am easily bothered by light, heat, sound, smell and the way birds look at me does not mean I'm sensitive.
 That is a daring and insightful solution.
 What if the fighting is the reason we're making progress?
 Well, if that's the case, then your grandparents mumble and have bad posture.
 It seems we have a choice to make. Abandon all ground rules in the name of science, or give up collaborating for the sake of our relationship.
 Science it is.
 Name calling, that is perfect. Now, when I get to this equation here, really let me have it. You know? If it helps, I'm not the sharpest dresser.
 Can you read them back?
 Excellent. Excellent. And on a related point, you're going down, punk.
 I love that one.
 Yeah, that list is strong. Like your mother's urge to be promiscuous with sailors.
 Hello.
 Because I am.
 I have a plan to work on both projects simultaneously. And for your information, the summer conference on algebraic topology at Caltech is nerd prom.
 Well, I'm not needed at both places at the same time. And I can also free up extra hours with simple tricks, such as using a minimal amount of words to convey my point.
 Soon. See, I could've said in the near future, but I didn't say in the near future, because in the near future is three more words than soon. In, one, the, two, near, three, future, four. See, in the near future is four, soon is just one, four is more than one, saving time already.
 Gentlemen, I've got Amy up and running. Shall we get to work?
 These are hydration backpacks. For efficiency, whenever I'm thirsty I have access to water. When I'm hungry, I have lentil soup.
 Run down the pros and cons of each for me.
 Oh, sorry, uh, carrot chunk.
 Ah, I'm back, you got me for eight minutes.
 The coefficient isn't lambda, it's lambda sub one. And over here, you should consider the possibility that the brain itself is in two different quantum states. And lastly, do you have any little soup crackers?
 It's five and a half.
 BRB. That's short for be right back. I'm saving so much time.
 The two signals meet up in the corpus callosum and T equals zero. And I know a boy who just earned a slurp of soup.
 You know, I felt the same way about the spork. Uh, solids and liquids handled by one utensil? That'll never work. Spoiler, works.
 Yeah, I felt the same way about the platypus. You know, bird and mammal in the same creature? No way. And spoiler, way.
 Oh, I had an accident at work, I slipped and fell on my soup sack.
 Well, we have had some fun, haven't we?
 Hmm? Oh, I did. It hasn't stopped. I figured out a solution for our navigation system while I was pre-soaking lentils out of my pants.
 Of course not. I'm too busy to be sick.
 I'm fine.
 That didn't happen.
 Just do your laundry.
 I am fine. Here, eat your toast. Sorry.
 Well, perhaps I am a little under the weather. It's nothing a little cold medicine and tea can't fix.
 What I need is to get to work.
 What? You hold my hand, you kiss my mouth, but you draw the line at a hundred and two fever? What happened to our love?
 What's going on? How'd I get here?
 Home from work? What time is it?
 Nine o'clock? What happened to eight and seven and all the other o'clocks?
 Well, I remember waking up in the morning, Amy rubbing Vicks on my chest. And her hands were like two frozen chunks of tundra. I took some cold medicine to… I took cold medicine.
 At, at the lab? Why am I naked from the waist down?
 My pants are missing, I don't remember anything. Penny, this is your youth. What do I do?
 Leonard, would you be a lamb?
 Wait, wait. Where's my bag? My phone and my wallet are in my bag.
 Where's my notebook? My notebook's gone. Oh, no.
 What's the big deal? It's full of classified information about the air force project.
 That's it. I'm in breach of my security clearance. I'm going to prison. And you know what happens to people like me in prison. I'll be forced to be some large man's tutor.
 I'm trying.
 Why?
 What does it say?
 Where?
 I, no, that is preposterous. Maybe.
 It's hard to say.
 It's getting clearer.
 Uh, no, thank you. We now know why MasterCard sent me a fraud alert.
 Um, yes. Howdy, partner. Do you happen to recollect if I left a notebook in these here parts?
 It's called fitting in. By the way, good luck.
 Oh, thank goodness.
 I swear.
 Not to tell anyone.
 The top secret military information I'm about to tell you.
 We really need to skedaddle. Thank you.
 Thank you for making me tea.
 Yummy. And warm on my back.
 You know exactly what I need.
 That's nice. Now in German.
 Great. Now Mandarin.
 Now Navajo.
 All right, we're about to go live, everyone on their A-game, good energy. Hello. I'm Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
 And welcome to a special retrospective, where we will take a look back at the history of Fun with Flags on an episode we're calling…
 Fun with Flags:  Behind the Flags:  A Retrospective.
 Mind you, when we say behind the flags, we don't literally mean these flags. That's just where we have dinner.
 So let's hear from some people who were there at the very start. How, Howard, flashback sounds.
 Just roll the clip. So tell us in your own words about that magical moment when Fun with Flags was born.
 Sure you do. I was telling you both the story about how Haiti and Lichtenstein discovered they had the same flag. It was at the Summer Olympics of 1936, and two plucky nations…
 Oh, and do you remember what you said?
 And that's exactly what I did. I found a lot of someones.
 And now we're going to turn it over to you, the viewers, to call in and share your favourite Fun with Flags moments.
 Hello, Bert. What is your flag-related comment or query?
 Bert, you're tying up the line. My apologies to all of you trying to call in with legitimate flag comments.
 Where's Howard?
 Oh, let's take advantage of his absence and tell the kinds of jokes only physicists get. I'll go first. Okay, here. Uh, Heisenberg is pulled over by a police officer. And the policeman says, did you know you were going 85 miles per hour? And Heisenberg says, darn it, now I don't know where I am.
 Oh, hello.
 Ah-ah-ah, he's a geologist, and I have more physics jokes.
 Yeah, which he rudely announced on my flag show. People were so upset about it no one else called in the rest of the night.
 Hold on. We don't know anything about this woman.
 Is she a geologist?
 Oh great, see you at seven.
 She's younger and far more attractive than he is. They're copying you two.
 Bert, Rebecca. I'd like to apologize for my insensitive comment earlier.
 See? It was fine. I didn't need a time-out.
 You made me sit on the stairs and think about what I did.
 What'd you do, delete your photo?
 Fine.
 Aw, man.
 I'd say she's copying you again, but I'm getting tired of sitting in the hall.
 Your first date? Did you even measure her walls?
 Who's ready to laugh?
 Okay. So, Feynman, Einstein and Schrodinger walk into a bar. Feynman says, it appears we're inside a joke. Einstein replies, but only to an observer who saw us walk in simultaneously. To which Schrodinger says, if someone's looking in the window, I'm leaving.
 That's a good one. Okay, now, Leonard, you tell a joke.
 Comments from our Behind the Flags retrospective. Get this, people are calling it the longest one yet.
 He's not wrong. It was your crackpot idea that he deserves love.
 You and Leonard don't have anything in common. Maybe you should break up.
 Actually, our friendship group is at capacity. But if anybody drops out, you're at the top of the list. Unless it's Raj, in which case, we'll probably get a person of colour.
 So he's using his money to attract a mate. Is that any different than me using my intelligence to attract Amy? Or Leonard using his power of grovelling to get Penny?
 Oh, so many things. Her mind, her kindness, and especially her body.
 Hello. I'm Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
 Based on the glowing reception of our recent Behind the Flags retrospective, we thought you might like to see how it all came together.
 Fun with Flags:  Behind the Behind the Flags: A Retrospective Retrospective.
 Ooh, we already have our first call.
 Okay, one second.
 I'm trying to shoot.
 What happened to me? I used to excel at these things.
 Well, I don't like it.
 No, but it's not just video games. I downloaded the new O.S. for my phone, took me a week to stop accidentally texting kissy faces to everyone.
 I guess I just need to face it, I'm no longer a wunderkind. Now I just wonder what's for lunch.
 Yay.
 I've been thinking about our recent humiliation.
 At the hands of those teenagers.
 Boy teenagers.
 I started doing some reading on cognitive vitality, and I came across an area of research called super-aging.
 The theory is that if you really tax your brain, the neurofibers will become thicker and the glial cells more lustrous.
 Well, it's not just doing simple cognitive tasks. You need to push your brain out of its comfort zone and reach mental exhaustion.
 Jab mein aat saal ka tha maine seekha tha. (I did that when I was eight)
 Hey.
 Raj is teaching me to make croissants.
 Yes. Yeah, it seemed daunting at first, but then I realized, it's like the chemistry set I had as a kid. Only, when your brother eats this, no one has to call Poison Control.
 Yes, it is delicious. Physicist, baker, lover, what can't I do?
 For the last time, I am not having a tickle fight with you.
 You're just using food to mask the fear that you're fundamentally unlovable and therefore going to be alone forever.
 It really doesn't matter, as long as it's challenging.
 Howard, I'm trying to make myself uncomfortable, not everyone else.
 Okay, I think I got that.
 Okay. Just to be on the safe side, am I in any danger of getting juggler's elbow?
 Are you sure? ‘Cause I'm feeling a twinge.
 Amy, look, I'm on a unicycle!
 I hurt myself juggling.
 Howard said I could borrow it, Bernadette said forever.
 What, are you crazy? I'm on a unicycle.
 Wait, I need help getting down.
 Drag out our mattress and put it over here, then go across the hall, get their mattress and put it over here. But before you do any of that, scratch my nose.
 I'm returning this stuff to Howard.
 Oh, I stopped that, it was dumb. Uni, bi, tri, menstrual, all cycles are dumb.
 Well, it is. If I wanted to hold three things at once, I'd wear cargo pants.
 Are you calling me a quitter?
 This conversation is over.
 Thank you.
 It's okay, I stopped being upset about that. And no, the irony is not lost on me.
 This article says the peak age for making a Nobel Prize-winning discovery is 40.
 So I'm running out of time.
 Oh, you have to say that, you're sweet on me.
 Hey, I thought you were sweet on me.
 You're so cute. I'm gonna go learn how to walk on stilts.
 I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I'm tall and I'm doing it. Ah, man.
 Thank you. No bendy straw, some party.
 Cheers.
 To success without Raj.
 Yeah, I'll definitely live long enough. Vitamin C.
 I hope his character doesn't make it into the movie, he's kind of a bummer.
 Who else has access to this room?
 This is disconcerting.
 Where did you move it?
 Wait, so you're just going to take all the work we've done for the last year and toss us aside?
 If that's sarcasm, please save it for our enemies.
 You know, I have a good mind to stop paying my taxes. It's too bad I enjoy doing them so much. The Air Force did it again. They're erasing our lives.
 It's okay, everything's here.
 I feel so betrayed. You know, all my life I thought Uncle Sam was a friendly uncle who brought you presents. Turns out he's the other kind.
 Thank you. Can we just talk about something else?
 I apologize for exceeding my allotted bathroom time.
 Not really. Apparently grief can make one less regular.
 No, I sat and I sat, but to no avail.
 What's the occasion?
 You're so kind. You know, I don't know how I ever got by without you.
 Well, I thought that, too, but I've come to realize, I am completely dependent on you.
 No, to wake up every morning and know you're there is a great comfort to me. Mmm, tasteless. How do you do it?
 Well, there is our quantum cognition experiment. You and I could spend more time on that.
 I'm confused. You're always saying that you want to spend more time with me.
 Well, a lot, it's very annoying. Has something changed? Um, is there something that you're not telling me?
 Princeton? A fine institution. The place where Albert Einstein taught. And where Leonard got his PhD, so it may have gone downhill.
 Well, that's wonderful. Congratulations.
 What is there to talk about? You have to take it. It's important.
 Thank you, but I'll be fine.
 Yes. I may have lost my guidance system and my girlfriend, but I still have a colon full of yesterday's meals to keep me company. Although, thanks to your high fibre breakfast, I'm sure that'll be leaving me, too.
 What does it look like? I'm playing sad harmonica in an apartment as empty as my heart.
 I got the blues. My baby done left me.
 Am I? Yesterday I had an Air Force project, a girlfriend who lived with me, and my good friend Raj right across the hall.
 No, but that list was sounding a little thin.
 So trick her.
 No, but you are, so I got you this as a present.
 No, it is. Leonard pointed out to me that I'm not always a loving and supportive boyfriend, so here's some quality luggage.
 The salesman said it could survive a plane crash, so perhaps you should fly inside it.
 Well, I'm not looking forward to it, but it is a wonderful opportunity and you need to take it. Besides, Princeton is in New Jersey, so it's not like you're gonna want to stay. Uh, I know it's not your birthday, but if you're interested…
 Okay. Oh, and just to be clear, I'm not being intimate with you in order to keep you from going.
 Well, no, it's just, I'm just warning you, you know, if you find yourself 3,000 miles away and craving a hit of this, you know, I can't Skype it to you.
 All right, then. Let's go to the bedroom, remove our clothes, fold them neatly and engage in frenzied lovemaking.
 Or, what if we fold them?
 Oh, Amy, you naughty vixen.
 Whoopee!
 Of course. Here, here, let me. I've been doing a little research on New Jersey, and I was delighted to learn that their chief agricultural product is sod.
 Hmm, yes. Yeah, perhaps I've been harder on them than they deserve.
 It's hard to say. I've never really lived by myself. What if I become strange and eccentric?
 Howard Hughes saved his urine in milk bottles.
 And you'll text me when you arrive at the airport?
 And when you're at the gate?
 And if you see any actors from Game of Thrones in first class?
 And don't forget to Skype me when you arrive.
 And every morning.
 Now of course, my 9am is your noon, so let's avoid the whole good morning, good afternoon minefield, and let's just say hello.
 And just remember, I am proud of you and I support you in all that you do.
 Oh, and one last thing. If you find yourself working with a male scientist who's as smart as me, as tall as me and has hair like Thor, well, then I want you to step away from the situation and call me immediately.
 How are you settling in?
 Now, I've learned some fun facts about New Jersey to help you make small talk. Would you like to know the state bird or the murder rate? They're both shocking.
 Well, I'm a lot less likely to see an Eastern Goldfinch or be murdered, I'll tell you that.
 I miss you, too.
 I'm sorry you had to go through that.
 You know you just split an infinitive.
 I am. It is naughty to put an adverb between the word to and the verb stem.
 I'm going to admonish you.
 That's the only kind of admonishing I do.
 Gentlemen. You may remember Dr. Nowitzki, She's back at Caltech for her postdoc.
 Oh, thanks. Dr. Nowitzki's going to tell me about the work she did at CERN. And she brought me this duty-free Toblerone.
 Let's sit somewhere else.
 So, tell me about your scalar dark energy experiment.
 Oh. You must be one of those dessert before dinner people.
 And get this, I saw an articulating ladder with dual-leg leveling, which delivers stability and adaptability to uneven terrain.
 Yeah. Raj made the funniest joke, he said, which is the best ladder to use to hang myself?
 Oh, not at all. I've had outings with Leonard and Raj in the evening, and, oh, I had lunch with Dr. Nowitzki.
 Oh, Dr. Nowitzki is a woman.
 Many years ago. Back when she was a grad student. She's always been a huge fan of my work, and now she's doing research at Caltech.
 Yes. I think you'd like her. She's extremely intelligent, just like you. Unlike you, she's tall, blonde and used to be an Olympic swimmer.
 Hey, everybody. This is my friend, Dr. Nowitzki.
 We just went swimming.
 I was scared, but I told myself it's just a big bathtub. Then I got scared again 'cause there are all these strangers in my bathtub.
 Well, I was hiding from a bee, but it still counts.
 Yes, we skyped this morning and I'm sure I'll check in with her before I go to sleep.
 That is true. She keeps asking how long Amy's going to be gone.
 Leonard, your wife is sitting right here. What are you doing?
 She was part of the American team at CERN.
 Do you know, I've corresponded with Peter Higgs. Would you like to see some of his letters?
 I'll get them.
 Oh, fun. Like a play date.
 Here you go.
 Hmm? Oh, no, no, no. They're from many famous people. See? Oh, like this one. This is from Patrick Stewart. It says if I come to his house again, I get to meet his dogs. Oh, excuse me.
 Oh, hello, Amy.
 I miss you, too. Hey, this is good timing. Remember that Dr. Nowitzki I told you about? She's right here.
 What is Leonard doing calling you at this hour?
 I must tell you, that seems a little inappropriate. Don't you agree?
 See? We both think so.
 Hey, I hate to break up the party, but Amy says I'm tired and have to go to bed.
 Of course.
 That was fun. It was like Mario Kart.
 Bye.
 What? Is this about Leonard and Amy? I don't like it either.
 That doesn't make any sense. She knows I have a girlfriend.
 That may be true, but Dr. Nowitzki's just a friend. In fact, I wouldn't have even noticed she's a woman if she hadn't worn that bathing suit that highlighted her bosom.
 I already do.
 Because there's only one of me, I'm more valuable.
 Although, Amy's already taken me out of my package and played with me.
 Penny, look. I appreciate your concern, but I don't think that's what's happening.
 I think Dr. Nowitzki is a friendly colleague. I think you and Leonard need to see a marriage counsellor. And I need to update my résumé to include swimming as a special skill.
 Uh, breakfast yes, lunch no. I did have a cough drop, but that really rides the line between sucking and eating.
 How thoughtful. Thank you.
 And I with you. Question, are you seeking a romantic relationship with me?
 Well, that would raise a number of problems. We're colleagues. I'm currently in a relation… Excuse me a moment.
Amy. Amy. Amy. Will you marry me?

