 So if a photon is directed through a plane with two slits in it and either slit is observed it will not go through both slits. If it's unobserved it will, however, if it's observed after it's left the plane but before it hits its target, it will not have gone through both slits.
 There's no point, I just think it's a good idea for a tee-shirt.
 I think this is the place.
 Leonard, I don't think I can do this.
 No. We are committing genetic fraud. There's no guarantee that our sperm is going to generate high IQ offspring, think about that. I have a sister with the same basic DNA mix who hostesses at Fuddruckers.
 I know, and I do yearn for faster downloads, but there's some poor woman is going to pin her hopes on my sperm, what if she winds up with a toddler who doesn't know if he should use an integral or a differential to solve the area under a curve.
 I wouldn't.
 I want to leave.
 What's the protocol for leaving?
 Let's try just walking out.
 Bye-bye
 Are you still mad about the sperm bank?
 You want to hear an interesting thing about stairs?
 If the height of a single step is off by as little as two millimetres, most people will trip.
 No, it's true, I did a series of experiments when I was twelve, my father broke his clavicle.
 No, that was the result of my work with lasers.
 Evidently.
 Two hundred pound transvestite with a skin condition, yes she is.
 Hi.
 Hi.
 Hi.
 Great.
 Bye.
 No. We're going to start Season Two of Battlestar Galactica.
 Not with commentary.
 We never invited Louis-slash-Louise over.
 I have a very wide circle. I have 212 friends on myspace.
 That's the beauty of it.
 Chat? We don't chat. At least not offline.
 To what end?
 Hi.
 Leonard, I'm not expert here but I believe in the context of a luncheon invitation, you might want to skip the reference to bowel movements.
 Well, today we tried masturbating for money.
 Actually that's my work.
 Yeah, well, it's just some quantum mechanics, with a little string theory doodling around the edges. That part there, that's just a joke, it's a spoof of the Bourne-Oppenheimer approximation.
 Yeah.
 If by holy smokes you mean a derivative restatement of the kind of stuff you can find scribbled on the wall of any men's room at MIT, sure.
 Oh, come on. Who hasn't seen this differential below “here I sit broken hearted?”
 I didn't invent them, they're there.
 In all of them, that is the point.
 Um, Penny, that's where I sit.
 No, I sit there.
 What's the difference?
 In the winter that seat is close enough to the radiator to remain warm, and yet not so close as to cause perspiration. In the summer it's directly in the path of a cross breeze created by open windows there, and there. It faces the television at an angle that is neither direct, thus discouraging conversation, nor so far wide to create a parallax distortion, I could go on, but I think I've made my point.
 Well.
 Fine. (Wanders in circles, looking lost.)
 Aaah!
 That's not true. Koothrapali and Wolowitz come over all the time.
 Tuesday night we played Klingon boggle until one in the morning.
 I resent you saying we don't have company.
 That is an antisocial implication.
 Yes, it tells us that you participate in the mass cultural delusion that the Sun's apparent position relative to arbitrarily defined constellations and the time of your birth somehow effects your personality.
 That's interesting. Leonard can't process corn.
 You're lactose intolerant.
 What's happening.
 It took you four years to get through High School?
 You? No, you'll only make it worse.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 No?
 No.
 Well this is an interesting development.
 It has been some time since we've had a woman take her clothes off in our apartment.
 Point taken. It has been some time since we've had a woman take her clothes off after which we didn't want to rip our eyes out.
 So, what exactly are you trying to accomplish here?
 That woman in there's not going to have sex with you.
 Oh, good. Then you won't be disappointed.
 Yes, but not of the same species.
 Oh, of course.
 Do you think this possibility will be helped or hindered when she discovers your Luke Skywalker no-more-tears shampoo?
 Leonard has a lady over.
 Technically that would be coitus interruptus.
 I really think we should examine the chain of causality here.
 Event A. A beautiful woman stands naked in our shower. Event B. We drive half way across town to retrieve a television set from the aforementioned woman's ex-boyfriend. Query, on what plane of existence is there even a semi-rational link between these events?
 Ah, yes, well that may be the proximal cause of our journey, but we both know it only exists in contradistinction to the higher level distal cause.
 You think with your penis.
 Oh, right, yes, I could have stayed behind and watched Wolowitz try to hit on Penny in Russian, Arabic and Farsi. Why can't she get her own TV.
 No I don't. And neither do you.
 You did not break up with Joyce Kim, she defected to North Korea.
 So we get to have a scene with him?
 Leonard, the two of us can't even carry a TV.
 Hello.
 Okay, thanks for your time.
 Leonard, the TV is in the building, we've been denied access to the building, ergo we are done.
 My apologies. What's your plan.
 It's just a privilege to watch your mind at work.
 What do you think their combined IQ is?
 Good thinking, I'll just be the muscle.
 From the intercom.
 Tell him about our IQ.
 Leonard.
 My mom bought me those pants.
 You're going to have to call her.
 It's okay. It wasn't my first pantsing, and it won't be my last.
 Well you got me out of my pants.
 Don't think like that, you're not going to die alone.
 And you're certainly not going to win a Nobel Prize.
 That was a valid hypothesis? What is happening to you?
 Thank you. You're not done with her, are you?
 Not to mention imaginary.
 We can't have Thai food, we had Indian for lunch.
 They're both curry based cuisines.
 They would be gastronomically redundant. I can see we're going to have to spell out everything for this girl.
 I don't know what your odds are in the world as a whole, but as far as the population of this car goes, you're a veritable Mack Daddy.
 Since it's not bee season, you can have my epinephrine.
 You don't need chopsticks, this is Thai food.
 Thailand has had the fork since the latter half of the nineteenth century. Interestingly they don't actually put the fork in their mouth, they use it to put the food on a spoon which then goes into their mouth.
 You're not swelling, Howard.
 Hi.
 Don't take it personally, it's his pathology, he can't talk to women.
 You're kidding, right?
 One. 
 You realise that scene was rife with scientific inaccuracy.
 Oh no, let's assume that they can. Lois Lane is falling, accelerating at an initial rate of 32 feet per second per second. Superman swoops down to save her by reaching out two arms of steel. Miss Lane, who is now travelling at approximately 120 miles per hour, hits them, and is immediately sliced into three equal pieces.
 In what space, sir, in what space? She's two feet above the ground. Frankly, if he really loved her, he'd let her hit the pavement. It would be a more merciful death.
 Are you listening to yourself, it is well established that Superman's flight is a feat of strength, it is an extension of his ability to leap tall buildings, an ability he derives from Earth's yellow Sun.
 Uh, a combination of the moon's solar reflection and the energy storage capacity of Kryptonian skin cells.
 Challenge accepted. We're locked out.
 I hardly think so.
 Well, we don't have a dolly, or lifting belts, or any measurable upper body strength.
 Archimedes would be so proud.
 Yes, but they all involve a green lantern and a power ring.
 Exactly half.
 What's your formula for the corner.
 Ah, gravity, thou art a heartless bitch.
 You do understand that our efforts here will in no way increase the odds of you having sexual congress with this woman?
 Yeah, those are men who just had sex.
 No we're not, no we're not, no we're not.
 Watch your fingers. Watch your fingers. Oh God, my fingers!
 No, it hurt… Great Caesar's Ghost, look at this place?
 A little messy? The Mandelbrot set of complex numbers is a little messy, this is chaos. Excuse me, explain to me an organisational system where a tray of flatware on a couch is valid. I'm just inferring that this is a couch, because the evidence suggests the coffee table's having a tiny garage sale.
 No.
 Excuse me, but I think we've both found that helpful at times.
 Hang on.
 Straightening up.
 This is not anyone's home, this is a swirling vortex of entropy.
 Because it was immaculate, I mean, you open that man's closet, it was left to right, evening gowns, cocktail dresses, then his police uniforms.
 I helped run some cable for a webcam.
 No?
 No.
 Penny, I just want you to know that, you don't have to live like this. I'm here for you.
 Sssshhhh! Penny's sleeping.
 I had no choice. I couldn't sleep knowing that just outside my bedroom was our living room, and just outside our living room was that hallway, and immediately adjacent to that hallway was… this.
 I just gave you a reasonable explanation.
 Don't be ridiculous. I have no peers.
 You might want to speak in a lower register.
 Evolution has made women sensitive to high pitched noises while they sleep, so that they'll be roused by a crying baby. If you want to avoid waking her, speak in a lower register.
 No, that's ridiculous.
 I am not leaving until I'm done.
 If you have time to lean, you have time to clean.
 Morning.
 I have to say, I slept splendidly. Granted, not long, but just deeply and well.
 Sarcasm?
 Granted, my methods may have been somewhat unorthodox, but I think the end result will be a measurable enhancement of Penny's quality of life.
 You don't think that crosses a line?
 You have a sarcasm sign?
 Do you want some cereal. I'm feeling so good today I'm going to choose from the low fibre end of the shelf. Hello, Honey Puffs.
 I may have left a suggested organisational schematic for her bedroom closet.
 Goodbye, Honey Puffs, hello Big Bran.
 Really more to organise, you're not actually dirty, per se.
 And snoring. And that's probably just a sinus infection, but it could be sleep apnoea, you might want to see an otolaryngologist. It's a throat doctor.
 Depending on the depth, that's either a proctologist or a general surgeon. Oh!
 Penny, Penny, just to clarify because there will be a discussion when you leave, is your objection solely to our presence in the apartment while you were sleeping, or do you also object to the imposition of a new organisational paradigm. (Penny stares in disbelief, then leaves.) Well that was a little non-responsive.
 That wasn't sarcasm?
 Wooh, boy, you are all over the place this morning. I have a masters and two PhD's, I should not have to do this.
 I am truly sorry for what happened last night, I take full responsibility. And I hope that it won't colour your opinion of Leonard, who is not only a wonderful guy, but also, I hear, a gentle and thorough lover. (Penny closes door in his face.) I did what I could.
 His imaginary girlfriend broke up with him.
 Check.
 Check.
 Considering what? How great this place looks?
 We could put her stereo back there.
 Run an infra-red repeater, photocell here, emitter here, easy peasy.
 Hang on Penny. How about fans, here and here?
 And if water is involved we're going to have to ground the crap out of the thing.
 Right, then the entire thing's one big heat sink.
 Good lord!
 Lock and load.
 I've got the Sword of Azeroth!
 There is no more Sheldon, I am the Swordmaster!
 Goodbye, peasants.
 I'm a rogue knight elf, don't you people read character descriptions? Wait, wait, wait, somebody just clicked “buy it now.”
 Wooh, I'm all sweaty, anybody want to log on to second life and go swimming, I just built a virtual pool.
 Don't forget the mail you took accidentally on purpose so you'd have an excuse to talk to her.
 Penny for your thoughts.
 Please don't tell me that your hopeless infatuation is devolving into pointless jealousy.
 Well, at least now you can retrieve the black box from the twisted smouldering wreckage that was once your fantasy of dating her, and analyse the data so that you don't crash into geek mountain again.
 The dietician at the cafeteria with the limp and the lazy eye?
 Well, I don't think you have a shot there. I have noticed that Lesley Winkle recently started shaving her legs. Now, given that winter is coming one can only assume that she is signalling sexual availability.
 That depends. When I learn that I'm a robot, will I be able to handle it?
 Uh, let me ask you this. When I learn that I'm a robot, would I be bound by Asimov's three laws of robotics?
 Of course not.
 Well, no.
 The internet's been down for half an hour.
 Oh, I've seen that look before. This is just going to be two weeks of moping and tedious emo songs, and calling me to come down to pet stores to look at cats. I don't know if I can take it.
 Oh, good lord.
 If you're compiling a mix CD for a double suicide. Oh, I hope that scratching post is for you.
 Leonard, listen to me…
 Leonard, do you really think you can satisfy your need for a relationship with a genetically altered cat?
 Oh, come on, Leonard! This is obviously about Penny.
 Okay, look, I think that you have as much of a chance of having a sexual relationship with Penny as the Hubble Telescope does of discovering at the centre of every black hole is a little man with a flashlight searching for a circuit breaker. Nevertheless, I do feel obligated to point out to you that she did no reject you. You did not ask her out.
 No. No, now that was not my point. My point was, don't buy a cat.
 Oh, goody, we're getting a cat.
 Could you be more specific?
 No. The dark crescent-shaped patterns under your arms conceal it nicely. What time is your date?
 Perfect, that gives you two hours and fifteen minutes for that dense molecular cloud of Aramis to dissipate.
 Not if you're a rugby team.
 Why would I join you?
 Oh, no, no, no, well now, there's always the possibility that alcohol and poor judgement on her part might lead to a nice romantic evening.
 Of course, there's the other possibility that this date kicks off a rather unpleasant six months of the two of you passing awkwardly in the hall until one of you breaks down and moves to another zip code.
 If I could of, I would of.
 Is the sex starting now?
 Oh, okay, well then, calm down.
 Alright, alright, well, just, sit down, yes, sit down, now close your eyes.
 Just do it.
 Now try to increase your alpha-wave activity.
 It's a bio-feedback technique, it's relaxation through brain-wave manipulation, I read a paper about it in the Journal of American Neuroscience, it was a little sparsely sourced but I think the basic science is valid, I probably have it here somewhere.
 Me?
 What should I tell her.
 Okay.
 Got it. So I'm assuming nothing venereal. I'll just tell her that you had a routine colonoscopy and haven't quite bounced back.
 But I thought you wanted to cancel?
 Why would she be expecting me?
 So, how was your date?
 Score one for liquor and poor judgement.
 I've been thinking about time travel again.
 Put it on the back burner. Anyway, it occurs to me, if I ever did perfect a time machine, I'd just go into the past and give it to myself, thus eliminating the need for me to invent it in the first place.
 Yeah, it really takes the pressure off.
 It's time travel, Leonard, I will have already done that.
 No, congratulations will have been in order. You know, I'm not going to enjoy this party.
 At the last department party, Dr Finkleday cornered me and talked about spelunking for 45 minutes.
 You know what's interesting about caves, Leonard?
 Nothing.
 How's this? Pleased to meet you, Dr Gablehouser. How fortunate for you that the University has chosen to hire you, despite the fact that you've done no original research in 25 years, and instead have written a series of popular books that reduce the great concepts of science to a series of anecdotes, each one dumbed down to accommodate the duration of an average bowel movement. Mahalo.
 Do you know there are only eight consonants in the Hawaiian language.
 Well here's an interesting turn of events.
 A more plausible explanation is that his work in robotics has made an amazing leap forward.
 An actual real scientist. How was that?
 I can't believe he fired me.
 In my defence, I prefaced that by saying “with all due respect.”
 Morning.
 This isn't breakfast, it's an experiment.
 I finally have the time to test my hypothesis, about the separation of the water molecules from the egg proteins, and its impact vis-a-vis taste.
 As do I.
 I don't want my job back. I've spent the last three and a half years staring at greaseboards full of equations. Before that I spent four years working on my thesis. Before that I was in college, and before that, I was in the fifth grade. This is my first day off in decades, and I'm going to savour it.
 I'm not just fixing my eggs, I'm fixing everyone's eggs.
 Use new eggs.
 Oh, well this would be one of those circumstances that people unfamiliar with the law of large numbers would call a coincidence.
 I need eggs. Four dozen should suffice.
 Yes, and evenly distributed amongst brown, white, free range, large, extra-large and jumbo.
 Never mind, you won't get it right, I'd better come with you.
 I'm taking a sabbatical, because I won't kow-tow to mediocre minds.
 Theoretical physicists do not get canned. But yeah.
 No it doesn't. Not unless the two doors are connected by relays, or there are motion sensors involved.
 Or the first door closing causes a change of air pressure that acts upon the second door.
 Slow down. Slow down, please slow down.
 Look, you're not leaving yourself enough space between cars.
 No, no. Let me do the math for you, this car weighs let's say 4,000lb, now add say 140 for me, 120 for you.
 Oh, I'm sorry, did I insult you? Is your body mass somehow tied into your self worth?
 Interesting. Anyway, that gives us a total weight of, let's say, 4,400lb.
 Fine. We're travelling forward at, good Lord, 51 miles an hour. Now let's assume that your brakes are new and the callipers are aligned, still, by the time we come to a stop, we'll be occupying the same space as that Buick in front of us, an impossibility that nature will quickly resolve into death, mutilation and… oh look, they built a new put-put course.
 This is great. Look at me, out in the real world of ordinary people, just living their ordinary, colourless, workaday lives.
 No, thank you. And thank you, ordinary person. Hey, you want to hear an interesting thing about tomatoes.
 Uh, yes, but anyone who knows anything about the dynamics of bacterial growth knows to pick up their refrigerated foods on the way out of the supermarket.
 No, this is fun. Oh, the thing about tomatoes, and I think you'll really enjoy this, is, they're shelved with the vegetables, but they're technically a fruit.
 Isn't it?
 Oh boy.
 Well, there's some value to taking a multivitamin, but the human body can only absorb so much, what you're buying here are the ingredients for very expensive urine.
 Well then you'll want some manganese.
 That was fun. Maybe tomorrow we can go to one of those big warehouse stores.
 Are you sure. There are a lot of advantages to buying in bulk. For example, I noticed that you purchase your tampons one month's supply at a time.
 Well think about it, it's a product that doesn't spoil, and you're going to be needing them for at least the next thirty years.
 Well, thirty, thirty five, hey, when did your mother go into menopause?
 Oh, Penny, this is a natural human process, and we're talking about statistically significant savings. Now, if you assume 15 tampons per cycle and a 28 day cycle, are you fairly regular? Okay, no warehouse store, but we're still on for put-put golf, right?
 I think it's her time of the month. I marked the calendar for future reference.
 It's an experiment.
 Oh, that was a dead end. Scrambled eggs are as good as they're ever going to be.
 I read an article about Japanese scientists, who inserted DNA from luminous jellyfish into other animals, and I thought hey, fish nightlights.
 It's a billion dollar idea. Shhhhh!
 Oh, no, no, no. No, I've too much to do.
 Shhhhh!
 That's just the beginning. I also have an idea for a bulk mail-order feminine hygiene company. Oh, glow in the dark tampons! Leonard, we're going to be rich.
 Mommy.
 You called my mother?
 Thank you.
 I was working with luminous fish, and I thought, hey, loom! Mom, what are you doing here?
 I know, but why?
 This is not a sarape. This is a poncho. A sarape is open at the sides, a poncho is closed, this is a poncho, and neither is a reason to call someone's mother.
 I went to the market with Penny.
 Well then buckle up, in the next four to eight days she's going to get very crabby.
 Yes, well I'm not a child, I'm a grown man capable of living my life as I see fit. And I certainly don't need someone telling on me to my mother.
 To my room, and no-one's allowed in.
 I'm not hungry.
 Morning.
 It's my idea of what DNA would look like in a silicon based life form.
 What do you want, mom?
 Yeah.
 What for?
 No.
 I'm not going to apologise, I didn't say anything that wasn't true.
 Why not?
 Wouldn't have been any ass-kickings if that stupid death ray had worked.
 Dr Gablehouser.
 Um, as you know, several weeks ago in our first encounter we may have gotten off on the wrong foot, when I called you an idiot. And I just wanted to say that I was wrong. To point it out.
 Okay.
 I got my job back.
 I'm not quite sure. It involves a part of the human experience that has always eluded me.
 Thanks, mom. Mom?
 Is Dr Gablehouser going to be my new daddy?
 Alright, I'm moving my infantry division, augmented by a battalion of Orcs from Lord of the Rings, we flank the Tennessee Volunteers, and the North once again wins the Battle of Gettysburg.
 We don't eat here, I don't know what's good.
 Statistically unlikely.
 I like the hamburgers where we usually have hamburgers, you can't make the assumption that I'll like the hamburgers here.
 Can't we just go to Big Boy? They only have one burger. The Big Boy.
 Excuse me, in a world that already includes the Big Boy, why would I settle for something like a Big Boy?
 Fine, I'll have the Barbecue Burger.
 Waitresses don't yell at you at Big Boy.
 We don't. This is a disturbing aberration.
 He asked her out once, it was an embarrassing failure.
 Oh, I'm sorry, was that supposed to be a secret?
 Well I assume she meant that the two of you together would constitute a couple that others might consider cute. An alternate, and somewhat less likely interpretation, is that you could manufacture one. As in, oh look, Leonard and Lesley made Mr and Mrs Goldfarb, aren't they adorable.
 You're a lucky man, Leonard.
 You're talking to one of the three men in the Western hemisphere capable of following that train of thought.
 I said I could follow it, I didn't say I cared.
 I said I could follow it, I didn't say I cared.
 I need your opinion on a matter of semiotics.
 Semiotics. The study of signs and symbols, it's a branch of philosophy related to linguistics.
 Just come with me.
 Well?
 What does it mean?
 Yes, but I was eleven.
 So you're saying Leonard has a girl in there.
 This is very awkward.
 Oh, yes, but there's usually planning, courtship and advance notice. Last time I was able to book a cruise to the Arctic to see a solar eclipse.
 I didn't have to, the dates just happened to coincide.
 Well, there's Leonard. And he's either with Lesley Winkle or a 1930's gangster.
 No, no, wait, hold on.
 I don't know what the protocol is here. Do I stay, do I leave? Do I wait to greet them with a refreshing beverage?
 Hi, Leonard. It's me, Sheldon. In the living room. I just, I wanted you to know I saw the tie. Message received. You're welcome. You carry on. Give my best to Lesley.
 Big boy! Someone touched my board. Oh God, my board. Leonard! Leonard!
 My equations, someone's tampered with my equations.
 Of course I'm sure. Look at the beta-function of quantum chrono-dynamics, the sign's been changed.
 Are you insane? Are you out of your mind? Are you…. hey look, that fixes the problem I've been having.
 You did this?
 Cool?
 Uh-duh, hold on, hold on!
 Who told you you could touch my board?
 I don't come into your house and touch your board.
 Oh, that is so… so…
 Inconsiderate, that is the adjective, inconsiderate.
 I'm not staring, I'm mulling.
 I'm coming.
 Boy, you're wound awfully tight for a man who just had sexual intercourse.
 Do you realise I may have to share a Nobel Prize with your booty call?
 She's not that intelligent.
 She got lucky.
 I don't have to believe in it for her to be lucky.
 Leonard?
 I still don't care.
 You know, I think I may have misjudged this restaurant.
 I won't go out on a limb, but I think we may be looking at my new Tuesday hamburger.
 Way ahead of you. I was thinking of moving Big Boy to Thursdays, and just dropping Soup Plantation.
 Yeah, the name always confused me anyway, Soup Plantation. You can't grow soup.
 Terrific, you'll be happy to know that I plan to come here every Tuesday night for the foreseeable future.
 Who do I speak to about permanently reserving this table?
 You know why this hamburger surpasses the Big Boy? This is a single decker hamburger whereas the Big Boy is a double decker. This has a much more satisfying meat to bun to condiment ratio.
 Of course I'm listening. Blah blah, hopeless Penny delusion, blah blah blah.
 You know, we were annihilated by our own incompetence and the inability of some people to follow the chain of command.
 No, I want to talk about the fact that Wolowitz shot me in the back.
 I was giving clear, concise orders.
 Sure, if you consider being fragged by your own troops fun. You clear space on your calendar, there will be an enquiry.
 Dancing?
 The thing is, we're not….
 No.
 A Halloween party?
 Yes, but are the costumes random, or genre specific?
 What about comic-books?
 Anime?
 TV , film, D&D, Manga, Greek Gods, Roman Gods, Norse Gods…
 Oh no!
 See, this is why I wanted to have a costume meeting.
 Agreed.
 Damn!
 I don't care if anybody gets it, I'm going as the Doppler Effect.
 If I have to, I can demonstrate. Neeeeoooowwwww!
 Well, what exactly do you mean by embarrass you?
 Well, there's nothing embarrassing about that, your father worked with Lewis Leakey, a great anthropologist. It had nothing to do with your bed-wetting.
 And you said the party starts at seven.
 It's 7
 So what time does the costume parade start?
 Yeah, so the judges can give out the prizes for best costume, you know, most frightening, most authentic, most accurate visual representation of a scientific principle.
 This party is just going to suck.
 Yes. It's the apparent change in the frequency of a wave caused by relative motion between the source of the wave and the observer.
 See, people get it.
 I'm confused. If there's no costume parade, what are we doing here?
 Telepathically?
 And that's the kind of sloppy costuming which results from a lack of rules and competition.
 Well, I actually might be able to help.
 Like Jane Goodall observing the apes, I initially saw their interactions as confusing and unstructured, but patterns emerge, they have their own language if you will.
 Well, it seems that the newcomer approaches the existing group with the greeting “How wasted am I?” which is met with an approving chorus of “Dude.”
 That's as far as I've gotten.
 Good luck.
 Oh, I hardly think so.
 Aren't you afraid I'll embarrass you?
 Alright, but if we're going to use flight metaphors I'm much more suited to being the guy from the FAA, analysing wreckage.
 Hello.
 Me? I'll give you a hint. Neeeeooooowwwww!
 Close! Neeeeeoooooowwwww!
 Neeeeeooooowwwwww!
 I'm the Doppler Effect.
 Well, why don't you just tell people you're one of the seven dwarves.
 Yes, well, I'm the Doppler Effect.
 What?
 What do you suppose he's doing here? Besides disrupting the local gravity field.
 Oh, snap. So I guess we'll be leaving now.
 You have a back-up hypothesis.
 Or maybe she wants to be friends, and he wants something more.
 Yes, but you're much closer to it than he is.
 And male partners. Animal partners. Large primordial eggplants, pretty much whatever tickled his fancy.
 True. Why don't you text him that and see if he backs down?
 Face to face? Are you going to wait for him to sit down, or are you going to stand on a coffee table?
 Given the reaction to my costume, this party is a scathing indictment of the American education system.
 Yet another child left behind.
 Because he is neither tall nor immortal, and none of us could be The Flash.
 I'm not. No offence.
 If he understands that, you're in trouble.
 You're in trouble.
 Let me remind you, while my moral support is absolute, in a physical confrontation I will be less than useless.
 He's a Hobbit! I've got your back.
 Happy Halloween. If it's any consolation, I thought that homo-habilus line really put him in his place.
 Tea. When people are upset the cultural convention is to bring them hot beverages. There there. You want to talk about it?
 Good. There there was really all I had.
 Good night Leonard.
 Coming. 
 He's not here. Maybe the Avenger summoned him.
 Thank you for the clarification.
 Well I'm sure he'll be fine. He has his hammer.
 If we're all through playing mock the flawed technology, can we get on with Halo night, we were supposed to start at eight, it is now 8
 Yes, first we have to decide if those lost six minutes will be coming out of game time, bathroom time or the pizza break.
 Oh, what fresh hell is this?
8
 You know, I apologise for my earlier outburst, who needs Halo when we can be regaled with the delightfully folksy tale of the whore of Omaha?
 Oh good grief.
 And I cannot believe people pay for horoscopes, but on a more serious note it's 8
 One on one? We don't play one on one, we play teams, not one on one. One on one!
 Uh, no. The wheel was a great idea. Relativity was a great idea. This is a notion, and a rather sucky one at that.
 Why? Oh, Penny, Penny, Penny.
 This is a complex battle simulation with a steep learning curve, there are myriad weapons, vehicles and strategies to master, not to mention an extremely intricate back-story.
 Mine.
 Yes, but whoever's her partner will be hamstrung by her lack of experience and not to mention that fact that sh….
 Okay, this isn't at all good sportsmanship to shoot somebody who's just respawned, you need to give them a chance to...  now come on!
 Raj, Raj, she's got me cornered, cover me.
 Okay, that's it, I don't know how, but she is cheating. No-one can be that attractive and be this skilled at a video game.
 What?
 You laugh now, you just wait until you need tech support.
 And another thing, there's a certain ethic to the game, Penny, a well estab…
 Well she could have said goodbye.
 It's called carpal tunnel syndrome, and quite frankly you deserve it.
 Hold that thought, Leonard, a moment.
 Where do I begin?
 Well first, we don't have house guests, frankly if I could afford the rent I'd ask you to leave.
 Well, our earthquake supplies, we have a two day, two man kit.
 So, if there is an earthquake and the three of us are trapped here, we could be out of food by tomorrow afternoon.
 No-one ever thinks it will happen until it does.
 He's engaging in reductio-ad-absurdum. It's the logical fallacy of extending someone's argument to ridiculous proportions and then criticising the result, and I do not appreciate it.
 Okay, well since I'm obviously being ignored here, let's go over the morning schedule, I use the bathroom from 7 to 7
 I suggest no liquids after 11pm.
 Hmmph, wrong.
 Your head goes on the other end.
 It's culturally universal, a bed, even a temporary bed, is always oriented with the headboard away from the door. It serves the ancient imperative of protecting oneself against marauders.
 Hm!
 Yes. If you use my toothbrush I'll jump out that window. Please don't come to my funeral. Have a good night.
 Every Saturday since we have lived in this apartment, I have awakened at 6
 Every Saturday since we have lived in this apartment, I have awakened at 6
 Because I am neither an invalid nor a woman celebrating Mother's Day.
 Okay, this cereal has lost all its molecular integrity, I now have a bowl of shredded wheat paste.
 Well there's one beloved children's book I'll never read again.
 I'm Sheldon.
 Oh, terrific, now we're running a cute little B&B.
 Well then, it's all settled, Christie will stay with Howard, Penny can go back to her apartment, and I'll watch the last 24 minutes of Doctor Who, although at this point it's more like Doctor Why Bother.
 No more talking, everybody go.
 I imagine there aren't many kosher corn-huskers.
 I'm sorry, we cannot do this without Wolowitz.
 Let me walk you through it, our standard is, the steamed dumpling appetizer, General So's chicken, beef with broccoli, shrimp with lobster sauce and vegetable lo-main. Do you see the problem?
 Our entire order is predicated on four dumplings and four entrees divided among four people.
 Fine, what do you want to eliminate, and who gets the extra dumpling.
 Then it is no longer a dumpling, once you cut it open it is at best a very small open faced sandwich.
 He's putting his needs ahead of the collective good. Where he comes from, that's punishable by death.
 No, if we fill up on dumplings we'll need to eliminate another entree.
 And divide it how, I'm telling you we cannot do this without Wolowitz.
 Have you seen Penny eat Chinese food, she uses a fork, and she double dips her egg rolls.
 Exactly, but we'd have to if she was here.
 No.
 I'll know.
 What about the won-tons?
 It's Halo night.
 Yes. Penny, we would very much appreciate it if you would be the fourth member of our Halo team. I don't think I need to tell you what an honour this is.
 You can't go out, it's Halo night.
 You go dancing every Wednesday.
  Then it's not dancing night.
 Tonight is Halo night, it's like talking to a wall.
 Yes, but you didn't portray her as completely irrational.
 Okay, assuming we could dance, which we can't, there are three of us and two of them.
 It's the Chinese restaurant all over again. I assure you that cutting a dumpling in thirds is child's play compared with three men, each attempting to dance with 67% of a woman.
 Your anger's not with me, sir, but with basic mathematics.
 The only man who can restore any semblance of balance to our universe.
 No, I'm going to ask him to choose between sex and Halo 3. As far as I know, sex has not been upgraded to include high-def graphics and enhanced weapon systems.
 My point.
 It's Halo night.
 Shhh!
 I can't shoot now, I'm cloaking.
 That's why the call it cloaking, dead man.
 We said no tanks.
 And now you're out of life. Why did you hit pause?
 Damn you, walletnook.com.
 The online description was completely misleading, they said eight slots plus removable ID, to any rational person that would mean room for nine cards, but they don't tell you the removable ID takes up one slot, it's a nightmare.
 It's been in every wallet I've owned since I was five.
 It says keep this on your person at all times. It's right here under Batman's signature.
 Hi.
 Yes.
 Not at all.
Bye!
 If I may, your parents probably don't consider this meddling, while arranged marriages are no longer the norm, Indian parents continue to have a greater than average involvement in their children's lives.
 You seemed confused.
 It might speak to a cultural aspiration to have one's children enter the medical profession.
 What's not to love?
 I suggest you go through with it.
 Romantic love as the basis for marriage has only existed since the nineteenth century. Up until then, arranged marriages were the norm, and it served society quite well.
 Understandable, but there's a universality to that story which transcends ethnicity.
 No need, we have the special edition.
 This is Dr Sheldon Cooper. Yeah, I need to cancel my membership to the Planetarium. Yeah, well I'm sorry too, but there's just no room for you in my wallet. Yeah, I understand, but it was between you and the Museum of Natural History and, frankly, you don't have dinosaurs. Well I'll miss you too, bye bye. Okay, I know you're texting about me, and I'd really like you to stop.
 Okay, there's a lab animal supply company in Reseda you could try, but if your research is going to have human applications may I suggest white mice instead, their brain chemistry is far closer to ours.
 With certain obvious exceptions. Suicide, for example.
 I'll have a diet coke.
 Fine. I'll have a virgin cuba libre.
 Yes,
 Yes. And would you make it diet?
 A cuba libre traditionally comes in a tall glass with a lime wedge.
 Bartenders are supposed to have people skills.
 And now we'll never know.
 Sorry I'm late.
 Nothing, I just really didn't want to come. Virgin diet cuba libre please.
 In a tall glass, with a lime wedge.
 So, how's Koothrappali d…. oh my Lord.
 That's Princess Punchali.
 No, no, Princess Punchali from The Monkey and the Princess.
 It's a children's story.
 When I was a little boy and got sick, which was most of the time, my mother would read it to me. It's about an Indian princess who befriends a monkey, who was mocked by all the other monkeys because he was different. For some reason I related to it quite strongly.
 That woman looks exactly like the pictures of Princess Punchali in the book. How often does one see a beloved fictional character come to life?
 Forgive me your highness, for I am but a monkey, and it is in my nature to climb. I did not mean to gaze upon you as you comb your hair.
 You are the living embodiment of the beautiful Princess Punchali.
 A beloved character from an Indian folk tale.
 You Indian.
 The resemblance is remarkable. I can practically smell the lotus blossoms woven into your ebony hair.
 I shower twice a day and wash my hands as often as I can.
 It was said that the Gods fashioned her eyes out of the stars, and that roses were ashamed to bloom in the presence of her ruby lips.
 What?
 I'm not hitting on her.
 Exactly the kind of spirit with which Princess Punchali led the monkeys to freedom.
 Luckily for you, she could have you beheaded.
 I could eat.
 How would I know, do you have a low sperm count?
 What did I do?
 Oh. Alright, noted. Sorry.
 And may I point out she wouldn't have asked me to go with her if you hadn't been drunk and boring.
 And boring, her words.
 Okay, well, good night.
 We ate. She lectured me on the link between gum disease and heart attacks, nothing I didn't already know, and I came home.
 Why would I see her again? I already have a dentist.
 Look at me, look at me, I've got goosebumps.
 Hello.
 No, we turned our stereo down by sending a signal around the world via the internet.
 Someone in Sezchuan province, China is using his computer to turn our lights on and off.
 Because we can. 
 They found the remote controlled cars.
 You may want to put on slacks.
 You know, in the future, when we're disembodied brains in jars, we're going to look back on this as eight hours well wasted.
 Not to mention you'd have to power down on Saturdays.
 Well, there's always the possibility that a trash can spontaneously formed around the letter, but Occam's Razor would suggest that someone threw it out.
 I know. I read it before I threw it out.
 Because I have no interest in standing in the Rose Room of the Pasadena Marriott in front of a group of judgemental strangers, who wouldn't recognise true genius if it were standing in front of them giving a speech. Which, if I were there, it would be.
 Leonard, please don't take this the wrong way, but the day you win a Nobel Prize, is the day I begin my research on the drag co-efficient of tassles on flying carpets.
 No we don't. We have to take in nourishment, expel waste, and inhale enough oxygen to keep ourselves from dying, everything else is optional.
 You can't. I'm the lead author.
 I let you think we went alphabetically to spare you the humiliation of dealing with the fact that it was my idea. Not to put too fine a point on it, but I was throwing you a bone. You're welcome.
 It doesn't need proving.
 They're not supposed to, but they should.
 And I forbid it.
 If I'm not taking credit for our work then nobody is.
 No, once again, I'm throwing you a bone. And once again, you are welcome.
 Hello Penny.  
 Uh, just the latest copy of Applied Particle Physics Quarterly.
 Penny, just to save you from further awkwardness know that I'm perfectly comfortable with the two of us climbing the stairs in silence.
 Oh dear God!
 A little misunder…. Galileo and the Pope had a little misunderstanding.
 Huh.
 I don't understand the question.
 Oh. I hadn't thought about it like that. I wonder if I've been experiencing physiological manifestations of some sort of unconscious emotional turmoil.
 I couldn't poop this morning.
 It's certainly preferable to my plan.
 A powerful laxative.
 Excuse me, little idea?
 Of course you didn't, he said little idea?
 In what words then, exactly
 What did he say?
 Don't you ever speak to me again.
 Have fun presenting my lucky hunch.
 Then why did you say it.
 Were you trying to impress Penny?
 How'd that work out for you?
 Libido 1, truth zero.
 And I'm telling you for the last time it's pandering, it's undignified and bite me.
 Goodbye Penny. Oooh, one of these days, Pkshhhh!
 Doctor Sheldon Cooper here, I am the lead author of this particular paper.Thank you. And you, sir, you have completely skipped over the part where I was walking through the park, and I saw these children on a merry-go-round, which started me thinking about the moment of inertia in gasses like helium at temperatures approaching absolute zero.
 Oh, I see, was the apple falling on Newton's head, was that just an anecdote?
 No, no that's true, gravity would have been apparent to me without the apple.
 You continue to underestimate me, my good man.
 As I have explained repeatedly, unlike you, I don't need validation from lesser minds. No offence.
 Because I knew you'd screw this up.
 Oh, please. I admit, that spherical chicken joke, that was hilarious. But it was straight downhill from there.
 So you admit that you're an egotist?
 Okay, that is it. 
 Then I'll settle for an aneurysm.
 You hit me. You saw him, he hit me.
 So it was working.
 Oh we'll see about that, heads up you people in the front row, this is a splash zone.
 You could have offered me a ride home.
 I really don't understand what you're so unhappy about, you begged me to come, I came, there's just no pleasing you.
 Well that's not much of an apology, but I'll take it.
 Yes. I'm sorry I tried to blow up your head. It was uncalled for.
 Now, who would do that?
 Forget your suit, look at my arms waving, I'm like a flamingo on Ritalin.
 Okay, then riddle me this. Assuming all the good Terminators were originally evil Terminators created by Skynet but then reprogrammed by the future John Connor, why would Skynet, an artificial computer intelligence, bother to create a petite hot 17 year-old killer robot?
 Artificial intelligences do not have teen fetishes.
Too late, I win.
 I don't know, but if cats could sing, they'd hate it too.
 I don't guess. As a scientist I reach conclusions based on observation and experimentation, although as I'm saying this it occurs to me you may have been employing a rhetorical device rendering my response moot.
 I have a conclusion based on an observation.
 I think I know.
No.
 I think that's a week from Tuesday at six.
 You just lied to Penny.
 And you did it so casually, no rapid breathing, no increase in perspiration.
 So, lack of a physiological response while lying is characteristic of a violent sociopath.
 No, I imagine if you were going to kill me you'd have done it a long time ago.
Leonard, Leonard, Leonard…
 I need to speak to you.
 It's important.
 Yes.
 You're right, it can wait until morning.
 Never mind. I clearly woke you up in the middle of a REM cycle, you're in no state to talk.
 I'm uncomfortable having been included in your lie to Penny.
 You could have told her the truth.
 Is that a relevant factor?
 Then I suppose you could have agreed to go.
 I would suggest something to the effect of, singing is neither an appropriate vocation nor avocation for you, and if you disagree, I'd recommend you have a CAT scan, to look for a tumour pressing on the cognitive processing centre of your brain.
 Why?
 I was not aware of that.
 Oh, alright. Leonard.
 When we played chess earlier, you were terrific and I can't wait to play you again. Goodnight.
 Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard
 I was analysing our lie, and I believe we're in danger of Penny seeing through the ruse.
 Simple. If she were to log on to www.socalphysicsgroup.org/activities/other, click on upcoming events, scroll down to seminars, download the pdf schedule, and look for the seminar on molecular positronium, well then, bippidy-boppidy-boo, our pants are metaphorically on fire.
 Well, sir, my trousers will not be igniting today.
 Penny, Penny, Penny. Good morning.
 Of course I do. My watch is linked to the atomic clock in Boulder, Colorado. It's accurate to one tenth of a second. But as I'm saying this it occurs to me that once again your question may have been rhetorical.
 Remember how Leonard told you we couldn't come to your performance because we were attending a symposium on molecular positronium?
 Yes, well, he lied.
 He lied, and I'm feeling very uncomfortable about it.
 Hungry? Tired? I'm sorry this really isn't my strong suit.
 To help you.
 She was going to see through your lie eventually, so I told her that you were lying to protect me.
 Hunger? Indigestion, I'm sorry I'm really not very good at this. Anyway, Penny now believes that on Friday night, we're going to participate in my cousin Leopold's drug intervention.
 Yea, who most people call Leo, but he also answers to Lee, remember that, it's important.
 Details, Leonard, the success or failure of our deceitful enterprise turns on details.
 No, I made him up. I think you'd call him Lee.
 Well, first of all, your lie was laughably transparent, where mine is exquisitely convoluted. While you were sleeping I was weaving an un-unravelable web.
 Yes, if she googles Leopold Houston she'll find a facebook page, an online blog depicting his descent into drug use, and a desperate yet hopeful listing on e-harmony.com.
 Ah, because it's in Long Beach, and I don't drive.
 No, of course not, there's no cousin Leo, there's no intervention, focus Leonard.
 We just leave the house on Friday night, and we return in the wee hours emotionally wrung out from the work of convincing Leo to go back into rehab.
 Yes, but, he can relapse if Penny ever invites us to go hear her sing again.
 For a noble purpose, to spare me the social embarrassment of having a drug-addled first cousin, which I'm assuming is embarrassing, yes?
 That's the best part, you don't have to, see I told Penny that you would be embarrassed, if you knew that she found out that you had lied, so she's agreed to operate as if the original lie was still in force.
 Un-unravelable.
 Well, uh, Penny is on her way to perform in a one night showcase production of Rent, which we are unable to attend because we are going to a symposium on molecular positronium, given by Dr Emile Farminfarmian.
 Okay, sure. I don't see a problem with that.
 Good for you.
 Break a leg. 
 It's a very nice community. The Queen Mary is docked there, once the largest ocean liner in the world, it's now a hotel and restaurant where they host a surprisingly gripping murder mystery dinner.
 No, no, no, Leonard gets nauseous unless he sits in front, and even then it's iffy.
Leonard, Leonard, Leonard…
 No, that's the least of our worries. I've been doing some research on addiction, both the biochemical and behavioural aspects, and I think there's a problem with the current version of our lie.
 Sadly, it's not. Substance abuse is a lifelong struggle, but beyond that I have realised that the Leo I described would not have agreed to go to rehab.
 Because Leo is a middle child.
 You didn't read the bio, did you? He's not just a middle child, he's the quintessential middle child, from a broken home to boot. Psychologically speaking, the attention he gets by rebelling even to the point of self-destruction is more emotionally valuable than the help he would get at rehab.
 Great, what is it?
 Fine. I've hesitated to point this out, but I must now remind you that we are in our current predicament because of your initial and totally inadequate deceit. I'm just trying to clean up after your mess. We'll talk in the morning.
 Excuse me, we just went over this. As the quintessential middle child, your addiction is rooted in your unmet need for attention.
 For your information, this is all based on solid research, stick with the character profile I wrote for you.
 I'm sorry, Leonard, this is Toby Loobenfeld, he's a research assistant in the particle physics lab, but he also minored in theatre at MIT.
 Well, you see, while Leo would not have gone into rehab, it is completely plausible that we would have talked him into leaving the motel, and coming home with us.
 No. We're going with middle child, and a generic predisposition to inadequate serotonin production.
 Subtextually, of course. Just have fun with it. Morning Penny.
 Unfortunately, we weren't able to convince him to go to rehab.
 But we did convince him to leave the motel. Come say hello. Leo, this is Penny, our friend and neighbour.
 Don't forget his genetic predisposition towards addiction.
 There have been studies.
 How could there be a double blind study, who would be the control group.
 Your parents made the right decision.
 He's a homeless drug addict, Leonard, where is he going to go? Boy, you have a lot to learn about lying.
 Checkmate.
 Obviously you're not well suited for three-dimensional chess, perhaps three dimensional candyland would be more your speed.
 It must be humbling to suck on so many different levels.
 From the data at hand you really can't draw that conclusion. All you can say with absolute certainty is that that joke is not funny here.
 Sick?
 What kind of sick?
 I don't need you to guess, I need you to know, now when did the symptoms first appear?
 Friday, was that morning or afternoon?
 Think woman, who blew their nose and when?
 Oh please, if influenza was only contagious after symptoms appear it would have died out thousands of years ago. Somewhere between tool using and cave painting, homo habilus would have figured out to kill the guy with the runny nose.
 Thanks for your consideration, now please leave.
 What?
 I'm making petrie dishes to grow throat cultures.
 I need a growth medium, and someone polished off the apricot yoghurt. Here, swab my throat.
 Leonard! If I'm going to get ahead of this thing I need to find out what's growing in my throat.
 We have no idea what pathogen Typhoid Penny has introduced into our environment. And having never been to Nebraska I'm fairly certain that I have no cornhusking antibodies.
 When I'm lying comatose in a hospital relying on inferior minds to cure me, these jello cultures and my accompanying notes will give them a fighting chance.
 Wait. Put this in the bathroom.
 I need to measure my fluid intake and output to make sure my kidneys aren't shutting down.
 No, that measuring cup has always been for urine.
 It's right here on the bottom.
 Oh, dear God. Leonard! Leonard, I'm sick!
 Leonard! Leonard I'm sick!
 Leonard! Leonard! Leonard. Leonard, my comforter fell down, and my sinuses hurt when I bend over. Leonard? Ow!
 Leonard, where are you?
 At six-thirty in the morning?
 On Sunday?
 Why?
 Well, I didn't hear the phone ring.
 Well, as I predicted, I am sick. My fever has been tracking up exponentially since 2am, and I am producing sputum at an alarming rate.
 No. Not only that, it has shifted from clear to milky green.
 What else would I drink? Gasses? Solids? Ionised plasma?
 I want soup.
 We don't have soup.
 Is that a dog?
 In the lab?
 Howard, I'm sick.
 I need soup.
 I'm sick, thank you very much.
 You're a carrier. All these people here are doomed. You're doomed!
 I want soup.
 Penny, I have an IQ of 187, don't you imagine that if there were a way for me to have had soup at home I would have thought of it?
 I did not think of that. Clearly febrile delirium is setting in, please bring me some soup while I still understand what a spoon is for.
 Well, my mother used to make me this split pea with little frankfurter slices and these home made croutons.
 Can I get any of those with little frankfurter slices and home made croutons?
 Then surprise me. Would you call that moss green or forest green?
 Thanks for bringing me home.
 Good. Good.
 Wait, where are you going?
 You're going to leave me?
 Well, of course, but, not by myself.
 Well, once. When I was fifteen, and spending the summer at the Heidelberg Institute in Germany.
 No, visiting professor. Anyway, the local cuisine was a little more sausage-based than I'm used to, and the result was an internal blitzkrieg with my lower intestine playing the part of Czechoslovakia.
 No. No, my mum had to fly back to Texas to help my dad because the house had slipped off the cinderblocks again.
 It was tornado season. And it was an aluminium house. Anyway, the housekeeper in the faculty residence didn't speak any English, when I finally managed to convince her I was sick, she said “Möchtest Du eine Darmspülung?”
 Based on what happened next, I assume it means “would you like an enema?”
 Well, my mom used to give me sponge baths.
 Agreed.
 Wait. Will you please rub this on my chest.
 Vaporub makes my hands smell funny.
 Please, please, please, please, please, please, please.
 No, no, counter-clockwise or my chest hair mats.
 Can you sing “Soft Kitty”.
 My mom used to sing it to me when I was sick.
 I'll teach you. “Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur, happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr purr purr.” Now you.
 Little ball of fur. Keep rubbing.
 Penny! Penny, I'm hungry.
 Leonard, I'm hungry!
 I want grilled cheese.
 Do you think Penny will come here and take care of us?
 I'm very congested.
 Can you go to the kitchen, and get me the turkey baster labelled mucus.
 Under the sink, yellow Tupperware bowl.
 Here's the problem with teleportation.
 Assuming the device could be invented which would identify the quantum state of matter of an individual in one location, and transmit that pattern to a distant location for reassembly, you would not have actually transported the individual. You would have destroyed him in one location, and recreated him in another.
 Personally, I would never use a transporter. Because the original Sheldon would have to be disintegrated in order to create a new Sheldon.
 No, he would be exactly the same.
 So, you see it too.
 Dr Gablehouser.
 Not bad, I myself started graduate school at fourteen.
 Excuse me, that is my research, and it is by no means a dead end.
 You can count on us, we're on it. What the hell do you mean, dead end.
 I sense a disturbance in the force.
 He's not wrong. Alright, and this is my office.
 Nope. Goodbye.
 Oh, alright, this is my desk, these are my books, this is my door, please close it behind you. Goodbye.
 Keen observation, goodbye.
 Leonard.
 Get him out.
 You think I haven't considered it? You really think I haven't considered it?
 Get him out Leonard.
 Yes, in fact I am the youngest person ever to win it.
 Fourteen and a half.
 Uh-uh-uh.
 Fifteen years old. Dennis Kim is fifteen years old, and he's already correcting my work. Today I went from being Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart to… you know, that other guy.
 Oh, God, now even you're smarter than me.
 Why waste food. In Texas when a cow goes dry they don't keep feeding it, they just take her out and shoot her between the eyes.
 Yes, but I assumed I would have been dead hundreds of years, and that there would be an asterisk by his name because he would be a cyborg.
 Well of course you don't, you've never excelled at anything.
 Yes. That's what a rational person does when his entire life's work is invalidated by a post-pubescent Asian wunderkind. He ceases his fruitless efforts, he donates his body to scientific research, and he waits to die.
 Hey.
 I've decided you're right. My career is not over.
 But, since the arrival of Dennis Kim has rendered my research pointless, I just have to find something else to focus on.
 So I've decided, I'm going to collaborate with you.
 What exactly is it you do? I know you chatter on about it all the time, but I've never really paid attention.
 Oh, sure you do. Now, see, what's this here in the schematic, is that a laser array?
 No. Hmmm. What happens if you use argon lasers instead of helium neon?
 Are you sure?
 Pretty sure's not very scientific, is this how you normally work, just hunches and guesses and stuff?
 Alright.
 If you're concerned about sharing credit with me, you're name can go first… I'm going.
 So, this is engineering, huh?
 Engineering. Where the noble semi-skilled labourers execute the vision of those who think and dream. Hello, oompah-loompahs of science.
 I just came by to say hello.
 Well, up until now I've had better things to do. So, what are we making today?
 Really, how does it work?
 Uh, huh. So it's a shelf?
 Now, I notice you're using titanium, did you give any consideration to carbon nanotubes, they're lighter, cheaper and half twice the tensile strength.
 And you also have a note from your mother that says I love you, bubbula. But neither of those is a cogent argument for titanium over nanotubes.
 Yes.
 Did Leonard tell you to say that?
 Huh. It can't be a coincidence. There must be some causal link I'm missing.
 Curiouser and curiouser.
 Oh, good, you're all here. Look, I've decided that if the three of you drop whatever it is you're working on and join me, we could lick cold fusion in less than a decade, twelve years tops. Go away? Hmm. Could it be me?
 No, no, please, come in. Yeah, I think you'll appreciate this, very exciting.
 Something remarkable. Since my prospects for the Nobel Prize in physics have disappeared, thank you very much, I've decided to refocus my efforts and use my people skills to win the Nobel Peace Prize. Look, I'm going to solve the Middle-East Crisis by building an exact replica of Jerusalem in the middle of the Mexican desert.
 You know, it's like the baseball movie, build it and they will come.
 The Jewish people.
 We'll make it nice, put out a spread.
 Of course he has, the oracle told us little Neo was the one. You can see the Matrix, can't you.
 Ah, la-la-la, Hava Nagila. They'll come, they'll settle and I'll win the prize…
 I really don't understand your objections, Professor Goldfarb, why wouldn't the Senoran Desert make a perfectly good promised land?
 We could call it Nuevo Cherusalem.
 Said Pharoah to Moses.
 Hey, Howard. You're a Jew. If there was another wailing wall, exactly like the one in Jerusalem, but close to taco stands and cheap prescription drugs, would you still be able to wail at it? Okay, it's definitely me.
 Welcome Dennis Kim.
 Youngest till the cyborgs rise up!
 Don't worry, I've got this. Ladies and Gentlemen, honoured daughters. While Mr Kim, by virtue of his youth and naivety, has fallen prey to the inexplicable need for human contact, let me step in and assure you that my research will go on uninterrupted, and that social relationships will continue to baffle and repulse me. Thank you.
 Screw him, he was weak.
 Oh, please. For Vulcans, mating, or, if you will, Pon Farr, it's an extremely private matter.
 Well count me out.
 You want me to use my intelligence in a tawdry competition? Would you ask Picasso to play Pictionary? Would you ask Noah Webster to play Boggle? Would you ask Jacques Cousteau to play Go Fish?
 By that reasoning we should also play bridge, hold up a chuppah and enter the Olympic bobsled competition.
 No, don't.
 Or the one. Dammit, I'll do it.
 I don't. Teams are traditionally named after fierce creatures, thus intimidating ones opponent.
 Poor choice. Gram for gram, no animal exceeds the relative fighting strength of the army ant.
 Point of order. I move that any vote on team names should be unanimous. No man should be forced to emblazon his chest with the bengal tiger, when common sense dictates it should be an army ant.
 I will yield.
 He does.
 Of course.
 And of course, the answer is 130 adoseconds.
 And of course, the answer is giant magneto resistance.
 But I answered, it's called teamwork.
 By that logic I should answer all the anthropology questions because I'm a mammal.
 And of course it's Gravity Probe B.
 Why?
 What do manners have to do with it? This is war. Were the Romans polite when they salted the ground of Carthage to make sure nothing would ever grow again?
 The objective of the competition is to give correct answers, if I know them, why shouldn't I give them?
 Oh please, you don't even have a PhD.
 Good idea, I need my wrist brace, all this button pushing is aggravating my old Nintendo injury.
 Leonard, excellent, I want to show you something.
 Just look. I've designed the perfect uniforms for our team. The colours are based on Star Trek, the original series. The three of you will wear support red, and I will wear command gold.
 Army Ants.
 Why would a physics bowl team be called anodised aluminium?
 Oh neat, what's the occasion?
 What?
 No you didn't.
 Okay, I don't know where you just came from, but it couldn't have been a team meeting because I'm on the team and I wasn't there, ergo the team did not meet.
 Why?
 Well, I'm sorry, is the winner of the physics bowl the team that has the most fun?
 I see. Well. At this point I should inform you that I intend to form my own team and destroy the molecular bonds that bind your very matter together, and reduce the resulting particulate chaos to tears.
 You're welcome. One more thing.
 It's on, bitch.
 Gentlemen.
 Gentlemen.
 Actually, I don't need a team, I could easily defeat you single-handedly. But the rules require four, so may I introduce, the third floor janitor, he lady from the lunchroom, and, my Spanish is not good, either her son or her butcher. And what about your team? What rat have you recruited to the SS Sinking Ship?
 Leslie Winkle?
 Yes, well, I'm polymerised tree sap and you're non-organic adhesive so, whatever verbal projectile you launch in my direction is reflected off of me, returns on its original trajectory, and adheres to you.
 Formal protest.
 The Velcro on my wrist brace caught on my shirt.
 And of course, the answer is Technetium.
 4.1855 times ten to the seventh ergs per calorie.
 Lamda equals one over Pi R squared N
 A sigma particle.
 Hang on, hang on a second, that's not our answer. What are you doing?
 How do you know anything about physics?
 Well that's a delightful little story, but our arrangement was that you sit here and not say anything, I answer the questions.
 Hey look, now maybe you have democracy now in your beloved Russia, but on this physics bowl team I rule with an iron fist. Ow!
 Well it's not what he said.
 I want a different question.
 Formal protest.
 Informal protest.
 No. I decline to provide one.
 That's your opinion.
 I don't understand the question.
 Who?
 That trophy is meaningless, I forfeited, therefore you did not win.
 Who?
 Alright that is very immature.
 Absolutely.
 The Brady Bunch?
 William Shatner.
 Then it's got to be Patrick Stewart.
 Formal protest.
 Romulan.
 Well, this sandwich is an unmitigated disaster. I asked for turkey and roast beef with lettuce and swiss on wholewheat.
 Turkey and roast beef with swiss and lettuce on wholewheat. It's the right ingredients but in the wrong order. In a proper sandwich the cheese is adjacent to the bread to create a moisture barrier against the lettuce. They might as well have dragged this thing through a car wash.
 I know, it's basic culinary science.
 You bid $800.
 There's only 30 seconds left in the auction.
 I wonder why no-one else bid, this is a classic piece of sci-fi movie memorabilia.
 Need you ask? But I still don't understand why no-one else bid.
 I understand why no-one else bid.
 In a venn diagram, that would be an individual located within the intersection of the sets “no longer want my time machine” and “need $800”.
 I've been meaning to ask you, do you think we should make a call about that?
 It's the same amount of work no matter how fast you go, basic physics.
 Yeah.
 Then I have a simple solution, go up to the roof, hop over to the next building, there's a small gap, don't look down if you're subject to vertigo, and use their stairwell.
 Oh, I never joke when it comes to vertigo.
 For what it's worth, I thought it was humorous.
 I don't know what you were worried about. I think it really works in the room.
 The exact time machine that carried actor Rod Taylor from Victorian England into the post-apocalyptic future, which society had splintered into two factions, the sub-terranean Morlocks, who survived by feasting on the flesh of the gentle surface dwelling Eloy.
 Gentlemen, I know we said we'd take turns, but I think you'd agree that practicality dictates it remain here.
 Alright, I think we're going to need some ground rules, in addition to the expected no shoes in the time machine and no eating in the time machine, I propose that we add pants must be worn at all times in the time machine.
 Hold on. Bi-monthly is an ambiguous term, do you mean move it every other month, or twice a month?
 Then no.
 No.
 Wait a minute, I'd want to see that too.
 But if we all go back to the same point in time, Bell's lab is going to get very crowded, he'll know something's up.
 Oh, I have a solution, first go into the future and obtain a cloaking device.
 If I remember correctly, Captain Kirk will steal a cloaking device from the Romulans on Stardate 5027.3, which will be January 10th 2328 by pre-federation reckoning.
 Time machine.
 Again, time machine.
 It only moves in time. It would be worse than useless in a swamp.
 Leonard, it's two in the morning.
 So it's my turn. Why did you set it for the day before yesterday?
 You can't. If you were to prevent yourself from buying it in the past, you would not have it available in the present to travel back and stop yourself from buying it, ergo you would still have it. This is a classic rookie time travel mistake.
 Same paradox. If you were to travel back in time and, say, knock me unconscious, you would not then have the conversation that irritated you, motivating you to go back and knock me unconscious.
 It won't change the past.
 Are you upset about something?
 Well, it was a number of things. First the late hour, then your demeanour seems very low energy, plus your irritability…
 Oh! I don't usually pick up on those things. Good for me.
 Oh, wait. Did you want to talk about what's bothering you?
 Wow, I'm on fire tonight.
 I disagree. Your inability to successfully woo Penny long predates your acquisition of the time machine. That failure clearly stands on its own.
 In addition, your premise is flawed. In the original film, Rod Taylor got Yvette Mimeaux with that very time machine. In Back to the Future, Marty McFly got the opportunity to hook up with his extremely attractive young mother.
 Well of course they're movies. Were you expecting me to come up with an example involving a real life time machine? That's absurd.
 It's still my turn.
 What are you doing?
 Well is that really necessary. If you need money you can always sell blood. And semen.
 My spidey-sense tells me this has something to do with Penny.
 I'll go for two hundred, that time machine stays right where it is.
 Dibs doesn't apply in a bidding war.
 What's the number, I'll match it.
 What's the exchange rate.
 Who cares, as long as you pick me.
 No. I can't let you do this.
 None shall pass.
 You hypocrite!
 Little Miss “grown ups don't play with toys”. If I were to go into that apartment right now, would I find Beanie Babies? Are you not an accumulator of Care Bears and My Little Ponies? And who is that Japanese feline I see frolicking on your shorts? Hello,Hello Kitty!
 It worked. It really worked. They said I was mad, but it worked. Oh no, not Morlocks! Not flesh-eating Morlocks! He-e-e-e-e-e-e-elp!
 We have to get rid of the time machine.
 Yeah, that's the problem, it's too big.
 Oh no, Morlocks? Eat him, eat him. Aaaaargh. Leonard!!!!!!!!
 Thank you for coming by. Hello.
 Buddy.
 How can you be late, I wasn't expecting you at all.
 Oh, alright, this is Missy, Missy this is Leonard and Rajesh and you've already met Howard.
 She's my twin sister, she thinks she's funny but frankly I've never been able to see it.
 How exactly would one measure a sense of humour? A humourmometer?
 Rajesh.
 The papers could have been mailed, Mom just sent you here to spy on me, didn't she.
 They call me a genius because I'm a genius. Tell Mom that I currently weigh 165 pounds, and that I'm having regular bowel movements. Enjoy the wedding, goodbye.
 They were not friends, they were imaginary colleagues.
 No we don't.
 So what? I don't issue invitations to your mother.
 And don't ever call me Shelly.
 What just happened?
 I needed a place to fire ceramic semi-conductor substrates for home-made integrated circuits.
 Made necessary by her insistence on going into my room.
 Is that what that was? I just assumed that the second grade curriculum had rendered you quizzical.
 Fraternal twins come from two separate eggs, they are no more alike than any other siblings.
 I'm not ignoring my sister. I'm ignoring all of you.
 Excuse me, can I interject something. I'm ordering pizza online, is everyone okay with pepperoni?
 I guess. Don't worry, I was going to order you cheeseless.
 That's okay. Lactose intolerance is nothing to be embarrassed about.
 Hmmm? She certainly has the symmetry and low body fat that western culture deems desirable. It's noteworth that at other points in history, heavier women were the standard for beauty because their girth suggested affluence.
 I didn't say it was fascinating, I said it was noteworthy.
 Oh. Okay. You know, I don't want to criticise your rhetorical style but, we'd be a lot further along in this conversation if you'd begun with that thought.
 What I'm saying is that we took quite an unnecessary detour from what I now understand to be your thesis.
 Why?
 I don't understand. Yes, we shared a uterus for nine months, but since then we've pretty much gone our own separate ways.
 I hadn't considered that. We do share DNA.
 So there is the possibility, however remote, that resting in her loins is the potential for another individual as remarkable as myself.
 You're right. If someone wants to get at Missy's fallopian tubes, they'll have to go through me.
 Alright, that's enough juvenile squabbling, stop it, stop it I say. I'm going to settle this right now. Neither of you are good enough for my sister.
 You're out too, by the way.
 It's nothing personal, I'd just prefer if my future niece or nephew didn't become flatulent every time they eat an Eskimo pie.
 Now that Leonard's made me aware of how high the genetic stakes are, we have to face the fact that none of you are suitable mates for my sister.
 How so?
 In principle you have a point, but as a practical matter, need I remind you that it takes experimental pharmaceuticals to simply enable you to speak to the opposite sex.
 This has nothing to do with religion. This has to do with the fact that you're a tiny, tiny man who still lives with his mother.
 Am I? Here. Eat this cheese without farting and you can sleep with my sister.
 Oops.
 Why does everyone suddenly want to talk to me alone? Usually nobody wants to be alone with me.   
 Truthfully, I've never given it any thought, but it has been pointed out to me that you carry DNA of great potential.
 Let me explain. You see, I'm a superior genetic mutation, an improvement on the existing mediocre stock.
 That would be you. But residing within you is the potential for another me. Perhaps even taller, smarter and less prone to freckling, a Sheldon 2.0 if you will.
 Exactly. Now, I am not saying that I should be the sole decider of who you mate with. If you're not attracted to the suitor then the likelihood of conception would be reduced.
 Not at all. Frequent coitus dramatically increases the odds of fertiliziation.
 I always thought I was more like a cuckoo bird. You know, a superior creature whose egg is placed in the nest of ordinary birds. Of course the newly hatched cuckoo eats all the food, leaving the ordinary siblings to starve to death. Luckily for you, that's where the metaphor ended.
 I have an alternate proposal.
 You donate eggs. We will place them in cryogenic storage. I will find an appropriate sperm donor for your eggs, have them fertilized and implanted in you, that way everybody wins.
 Correction. Missy can date whoever she wants.
 I weep for humanity.
 Well, she might be interested to know that I have refocused my research from bosonic string theory to heteronic string theory.
 Okay, well, it was pleasant seeing you, other than that business with my testicles. 
 Really?
 You tell people I'm a rocket scientist?
 I'm a theoretical physicist.
 What's the difference?
 My God! Why don't you just tell them I'm a toll taker at the Golden Gate Bridge? Rocket scientist, how humiliating.
 We might as well stop, it's a stalemate. You're beating me in tetris, but you've got the upper body strength of a Keebler Elf.
 He can't eat cheesecake, he's lactose intolerant.
 What about the cream cheese frosting.
 For the record, that psychotic rant was a concise summation of the research of Bertram Forer, who in 1948 proved conclusively through meticulously designed experiments, that astrology is nothing but pseudo scientific hokum.
 It's actually based on very sound theories, his mother published a paper on it.
 It was obviously effective, Leonard grew up to be an experimental physicist. Perhaps if she'd also denied him Christmas he'd be a little better at it.
 Hello Penny. Leonard just left.
 What would we talk about? We've no overlapping areas of interest I'm aware of, and you know I don't care for chit-chat.
 Well alright, but I don't see this as a promising endeavour.
 I hardly think so, Leonard made it very clear he doesn't want a party.
 I think a birthday party is a terrible idea. I envy Leonard for growing up without that anguish.
 Year after year, I had to endure wearing conical hats while being forced into the crowded sweaty hell of bouncy castles, not to mention being blindfolded and spun towards a grotesque tailless donkey as the other children mocked my disorientation.
 Have I pointed out that I am extremely uncomfortable with dancing, loud music and most other forms of alcohol induced frivolity.
 In addition I really don't think that Leonard wants a…
 You can't do that, if you make a mark on a mint comic book it's no longer mint.
 Well of course I… oh! Yeah, I have an idea, let's throw Leonard a kick ass birthday party.
 That's not the secret knock. This is the secret knock.
 The whole point of a secret knock is to establish a non-verbal signal to verify the identity of one's co-conspirators.
 Possibly, but unverified.
 Luckily for you this is not a nuclear reactor.
 That's because I didn't bring one.
 The entire institution of gift giving makes no sense.
 Let's say that I go out and I spend fifty dollars on you, it's a laborious activity, because I have to imagine what you need, whereas you know what you need. Now I can simplify things, just give you the fifty dollars directly and, you could give me fifty dollars on my birthday, and so on until one of us dies leaving the other one old and fifty dollars richer. And I ask you, is it worth it?
 I accept your premise, I reject your conclusion.
 Oh. Fair enough.
 Question, how am I going to get Leonard a present before the party? I don't drive, and the only things available within walking distance are a Thai restaurant and a gas station. I suppose I could wrap up an order of mee krob and a couple of lottery scratchers.
 Yes, but they have DVD burners over here. Leonard needs a DVD burner.
 You mean, like a sweater?
 Is it the geometry that makes it fun.
 Okay, I see, so not a DVD burner.
 Something he wouldn't buy for himself. Something fun. Something like… oh, an 802.11n wireless router.
 What do you think.
 Because of the two additional Ethernet ports.
 He doesn't need them, he's already got a 640 connect switch
 Why?
 Penny! If I'm going to buy Leonard a gift, I'm going to do it right. I refuse to let him experience the same childhood trauma I did.
 On my twelfth birthday I really wanted a titanium centrifuge, so, you know, I could separate radioactive isotopes.
 Instead of a titanium centrifuge, my parents bought me… wow, this is hard. They got me… a motorised dirt bike.
 What twelve year old boy wants a motorised dirt bike?
 Really?
 Huh?
 Yeah, I suppose.
 I know everything about this stuff.
 No, no, no, no, she doesn't want that, she needs a point to point peer network with a range extender.
 It depends on what Bus you have.
 Oh, dear lord.
 Not now, Penny, this poor man needs me. You hold on, I'll be right with you. What computer do you have, and please don't say a white one?
 Okay, we don't have that in stock, but I can special order it for you.
 Yes, well, apparently neither does anyone else.
 Why?
 Good luck.  By the way, a six year-old could hack your computer system.
 Yeah, 1-2-3-4 is not a secure password.
 Wo de zhing shi Sheldon.
 Wo de ming zi shi Sheldon. 
 That's what you did. I assumed as in a number of languages that the gesture was part of the phrase.
 How am I supposed to know that? As the teacher it's your obligation to separate your personal idiosyncrasies from the subject matter.
 Why?
 Mai du lui tsa.
 My apologies Leonard, I'm only as good as my teacher.
 I believe the Szechuan Palace has been passing off orange chicken as tangerine chicken and I intend to confront them.
 Okay, where were we?
 Not surprising. Penny's emotional responses originate from the primitive portion of the brain known as the Amygdala, while speech is centred in the much more recently developed Neocortex. The former can easily overpower the latter giving scientific credence to the notion of being rendered speechless. Or maybe she just doesn't want to talk.
 I'm not aware of any social convention that requires you to intervene at all.
 Twelfth century code of chivalry, not exactly current. You'd also have to be knighted for that to apply.
 Howard, I'm going to need another Mandarin lesson. I obviously didn't make my point with those people.
 I like tangerine chicken, I'm not getting tangerine chicken.
 Actually, I thought the first two renditions were far more compelling. Previously I felt sympathy for the Leonard character, now I just find him to be whiny and annoying.
 I'd love to, but I don't have tangerine chicken.
 Show me your citrus peels. Gei wo kan, ni jud di zi pei. Show me your citrus peels. Gei wo kan, ni jud di zi pei. Show me your…
 Aieee ya! Xia si wo le.
 A second what? Pair of underwear?
 Why me? Why not Koothrappali or Wolowitz?
 Yes, I suppose he is.
 Not necessarily. I'm often surprised by my lack of familiarity with Leonard. Just the other day I discovered, he not only has a loofah, he hides it. Why do you suppose a man would be ashamed of having a loofah? I myself prefer to have my excess epithelial cells slough off naturally, but I don't condemn those who seek to accelerate the process. And until recently I had no idea that despite his lactose intolerance, he can tolerate small amounts of non-fat ice cream without producing a noxious gas that I maintain in the right concentration could be weaponised.
 We're not done?
 Ach, why not? We're already through the looking glass anyway.
 Well, he didn't actually say anything, but when he came back to the apartment he was doing a dance that brought to mind the happy hippos in Fantasia.
 Oh, I wish it were that simple. You see, I don't spend much time here and so I've never really chosen a place to sit.
 There are a number of options and, I'm really not familiar enough with the cushion densities, air flow patterns and dispersion of sunlight to make an informed choice.
 No, no, that's crazy. You go ahead and talk while I figure it out.
 A little crush? Well I suppose so, in the same way Menelaus had a little crush on Helen of Troy.
 Well Menelaus was the brother of Agamemnon…
 Leonard isn't the kind of guy anyone usually goes out with. Would you be open to rotating the couch clockwise thirty degrees?
 The last one worked out well for Koothrappali. He got a free iPod. Oh, glare!
 I would not say that. No-one would say that, a light year is a unit of distance, not time.
 Draft. You see people hear the word year and they think duration. Foot pound has the same problem, that's a unit of work, not of weight.
 It's a common mistake.
 Okay. I think this will be my seat.
 Well, let's see. We might consider Schrodinger's Cat.
 No. That's Mrs Grossinger. And she doesn't have a cat, she has a Mexican hairless, annoying little animal, yip yip yip yip…
 Sorry, you diverted me. Anyway, in 1935, Erwin Schrodinger, in an attempt to explain the Copenhagen interpretation of quantum physics, he proposed an experiment where a cat is placed in a box with a sealed vial of poison that will break open at a random time. Now, since no-one knows when or if the poison has been released, until the box is opened, the cat can be thought of as both alive and dead.
 Well of course you don't get it, I haven't made it yet. You'd have to be psychic to get it, and there's no such thing as psychic.
 Just like Schrodinger's Cat, your potential relationship with Leonard right now can be thought of as both good and bad. It is only by opening the box that you'll find out which it is.
 No, no, no, no, no, no. Let me start again. In 1935, Erwin Schrodinger…
 Chong sho sha pwe. (Caption translates to “Long Live Concrete”.) Xie xie. (Thank you)
 I can see that. Unless you're planning on running a marathon, choosing both stuffing and mashed potatoes is a starch filled redundancy.
 A mistake involving Penny? Okay, you'll have to narrow it down.
 Then don't.
 Other people might be interested.
 I assumed you would.
 Ah, then your meal choice is appropriate. Starch absorbs fluid which reduces the amount of vomit available for violent expulsion.
 You also made a common grammatical mistake, you said nauseous when you meant nauseated. But go on.
 Well, if we accept your premise, and also accept the highly improbable assumption that Penny is the only woman in the world for you then we can logically conclude that the result of blowing it would be that you end up a lonely, bitter old man with no progeny. The image of any number of evil lighthouse keepers from Scooby Doo cartoons comes to mind.
 Alright, what response on my part would bring this conversation to a speedy conclusion?
 Schrodinger's Cat.
 You sound surprised. Mmm, hou zi shui zai li du. (Your monkey sleeps inside me.)
 Show me your mucus! Your mucus!
 This is not a tangerine bicycle.
 No. Don't call the library. Show me your mucus. Oxen are in my bed! Many, many oxen! Oy Vey!

