 I must admit, I can’t help but feel a twinge of envy. He can look out the window and see the majesty of the universe unfolding before his eyes. His dim, uncomprehending eyes. It’s like a cat in an airport carrying case.
 Whatever it is, we know his life will never be the same.
 Leonard, where do you stand on the anthropic principle?
 You don’t even know what it is, do you? The anthropic principle states that if we wish to explain why our universe exists the way it does, the answer is that it must have qualities that allow intelligent creatures to arise who are capable of asking the question. As I am doing so eloquently right now.
 Of course. I just explained it to you. Now, where do you stand on it?
 Strongly pro.
 Yeah, wait, Raj, where do you stand on the anthropic principle?
 Attaboy!
 Oh, Leonard. Let’s not take a saw to the branch we’re sitting on, shall we?
 As I’ve stated before on numerous occasions, the only sea creature I would even consider being eaten by is the Kraken, because the last words I would hear are “Release the Kraken.” That never gets old. “Release the Kraken!” Oh, chills. Besides, I’m having dinner with Amy.
 Darn. If you weren’t busy, I’d ask you to join us.
 Oh, absolutely. I have a contractual obligation to provide Amy with conversation and casual physical contact, but nowhere is it specified that I can’t outsource that to an Indian.
 Oh, I’m glad you like it. Raj picked it out.
 Tell him yourself.
 I invited him.
 Yes, it is. There’s a loophole in the Relationship Agreement.
 Oh, I hope that’s a rhetorical question, because I have no clue.
 Every time you drink alcohol.
 Your point being?
 I just had cobbler.
 W-Where are you going?
 You can’t leave. I need you.
 Yes. You’re my ride.
 All right. Please. Amy, when I look in your eyes and you’re looking back in mine, everything feels not quite normal, because I feel stronger and weaker at the same time. I feel excited and, at the same time, terrified. The truth is, I don’t know what I feel, except I know what kind of man I want to be.
 I should hope so. That’s from the first Spider-Man movie.
 Good. Now, I assume we’re splitting the cheque?
 Okay, my turn. Let me talk to him.
 2311 North Los Robles Avenue, Pasadena, California to International Space Station. Can you read me? Over.
 Copy that. Over. 
 I am talking to a man in space. If you don’t have the then he might as well be at the Coffee Bean over on Lake Street.
 That’s a negative. My mother had me tested. Over. 
 Over and out. 
 What are you doing here?
 Excuse me. I didn’t authorize this.
 That’s mighty sassy for a man with a roommate performance review around the corner.
 The big deal is I was expecting us to be an intimate group of five. Now, we’re going to be a faceless mass of six.
 Hmm. Do you like Raisinets?
 At the movies, Wolowitz always eats Raisinets.
 Well, it’s hardly my business what you eat, as long as it doesn’t crunch during the film and it’s Raisinets.
 Yuh-uh, one more question, if you’re going to replace Wolowitz, I need to know a little more about you.
 Wolowitz went to MIT. What’s your educational background?
 Equally ridiculous. Let’s go.
 This insistence on hand-holding is preposterous.
 Yeah, of course you do. You’re a girl. You like all kinds of hippy-dippy things.
 It’s not fair. Penny isn’t making Leonard hold hands.
 Sweaty? Unhygienic? Looks dumb? Take your pick.
 Wrong. She just took a sip from his Diet Dr. Pepper.
 So, if she wants to end her pair-bond with Leonard, why on earth would she guzzle a witches’ brew of his soda and spit?
 String theory is complicated. That’s just yucky. Don’t get any ideas. All right, for the sake of argument, let’s say that’s true. Why doesn’t Penny just end the relationship?
 How can she not be sure how she feels? You know, when I have a feeling, I know it. Trains? Love them. Swordfish? I love them, too. They’re fish with a sword for a nose.
 Now you’re asking me to keep a secret from my best friend, colleague, and roommate?
 Uh, fine. FYI, secret-keeping? Hate it. Hand-holding? Not a fan. Hammerhead shark? I love that thing. Yeah, it’s another fish with a tool on its head.
 Shh, we’re trying to watch the movie. This is not working out with him.
 I think I might have tartar buildup. My tongue won’t go as far forward as it used to.
 Nope. Oh, you have no idea how annoying this is.
 Thank you. I appreciate that. You’re good people, Leonard. There’s something I need to tell you.
 I can’t tell you.
 I can’t tell you why I can’t tell you. So I guess there’s two things I can’t tell you.
 Good night. I’m sorry. This is really important.
 I like The Transformers. Do you like The Transformers?
 Leonard, the Transformers teach us that things are not always what they appear to be. You know, like, uh, a semi truck might be an alien robot, or, uh, someone in a romantic relationship, uh, might feel differently than they appear to. Or a conversation about The Transformers might actually be about someone in this room. I’m going to pause to let that sink in.
 You do?
 That is literally the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard.
 Leonard? Leonard? Leonard?
 Are you sleeping?
 Never mind. I still can’t tell you.
Penny? Penny? Penny? 
 You frightened me.
 Yeah, well, I knocked on the front door, but you didn’t hear it.
 Yeah, really? I’ve seen strange men traipsing in and out of here for years, but when I do it, it’s weird?
 Oh, I was having a little trouble sleeping and I just thought, uh, seeing as you’re up, we could talk.
 Oh, I don’t know, uh, weather, uh, fish you could do carpentry with, why Leonard is such an attractive and desirable boyfriend. Yeah, pick one, your choice.
 Did you know that Leonard has a perfect driving record and enjoys the insurance discounts that go along with that? Hubba-hubba.
 Yeah. Did you know that while Leonard is not considered a tall fellow in our country, in today’s North Korea, he’s downright average. Hey, talk about a keeper.
 Oh, very well. I can’t keep up this clever charade any longer. She told me that you were thinking of ending it with Leonard.
 Excuse me. This is not about protecting my friend. I’m a big fan of homeostasis. Do you know what that is?
 Homeostasis refers to a system’s ability to regulate its internal environment and maintain a constant condition of properties like temperature or pH.
 My point is I don’t like when things change. So, regardless of your feelings, I would like you to continue dating Leonard. And also, while we’re on the subject, you recently changed your shampoo. I’m not comfortable with the new scent. Please stop this madness and go back to green apple.
 I do. You clear on the shampoo issue?
 Penny?
 Please don’t hurt my friend.
 Thank you. Coconut? What were you thinking? Are you a hula girl?
 Yeah, just a heads-up
 All right then, so we’re all on the same page. Yes.
 I’m sorry. Wolowitz would never play that card.
 Fairy God Monster, I win. Your desperate need for friendship makes you weak.
 Leonard? Maybe you’d like to go with them to meet girls.
 Yeah, for now. But that woman has a death wish, Leonard. She talks to strangers, she pets unfamiliar dogs, and it is ridiculously easy to break into her apartment. If I were you, I’d get a back-up.
 Do you remember how upset I was when they replaced Edward Norton as the Hulk?
 But, then Mark Ruffalo was the Hulk in The Avengers, and he was even better.
 Call me a romantic. I like to think that your Mark Ruffalo is still out there somewhere.
 Yeah, settle down there, fake Wolowitz. No one likes a kiss-up.
 Oh, thank you, Penny.
 Yeah, wait, here. For your troubles.
 Yeah, it’s journals and research papers I wrote as a child.
 No, that’s my potty training journal.
 Yeah. And forgive my crude penmanship. I didn’t start typing until I was six.
 There are some charts in the back where I kept track of shape, colour and consistency.
 I am glad you asked. Are you familiar with the Higgs boson?
 Nice try. Now, in 1964, Dr. Peter Higgs, accomplished self-promoter and physicist, he wrote a paper postulating the existence of a subatomic particle called the Higgs boson. Now, initially the paper was rejected, but recently, he was proven right, and now he’s on the fast track to win a Nobel prize.
 Yeah, the point is Higgs is being celebrated for work he did 50 years ago, so that got me thinking, perhaps I’ve already hit upon the idea that will win me my Nobel prize.
 Well, this box only covers my work through nursery school. There’s a good deal more to come. I didn’t really hit my academic stride until I cut out that time-suck known as playing outdoors.
 That’s a good point. My time is much too valuable. You know, perhaps I should find someone to do it for me. You know, someone with a rudimentary understanding of science, but whose real talents lie in menial labour.
 Well, if I didn’t think you could handle it, I wouldn’t be asking.
 You, really? You can assess the quality of my work? Okay, um, here. I wrote this when I was five years old.
 You said it, not me.
 All right, Ms. Jenson. Uh, before we begin, may I offer you a refreshment? Water, coffee, tea, a marijuana cigarette?
 Now, are you sure? Everyone’s smoking them. I think they’re the best.
 Excellent, yeah. That was a ruse. They’re not the best. Physics is the best. And by the way, coffee was also an unacceptable choice. All right, so I see here you’re from Des Moines, Iowa. Uh, you’re summa cum laude in theoretical physics from Stanford University. Oh, and two years ago, you had a persistent ear infection. I hope that didn’t cause any hearing loss.
 I did a comprehensive background check. Medical records, credit reports, criminal history. I trust you paid off those parking tickets.
 Hearing unimpaired, good.
 Flattery will not get you this job, Ms. Jenson.
 Oh, well, thank you. Welcome aboard.
 No. I have people for that now. You’re up.
 Yeah, please reserve chitchat for your breaks, Ms. Jenson. FYI, there will be no breaks.
 Oh, in fact, she has. Uh, her exact words were, what is that guy’s problem?
 Half chocolate, half vanilla, side by side, not swirled?
 Half a teaspoon of sprinkles?
 Two cherries?
 Stems removed?
 It’s all right, Alex. I’m not mad at you, I’m just disappointed.
 Uh, Alex, a moment. I need a word with Dr. Hofstadter. Do you think it’s appropriate for her to sit with us, given her station?
 If I’ve learned anything from British television shows on PBS, it’s that servants dine downstairs with their own kind.
 It’s a kindness, Leonard. Otherwise, you’re cruelly tempting them with a glimpse of a world that’s just beyond their soot-stained fingertips.
 Cherry stem! Cherry stem!
 Oh, good, Leonard, you’re here. Science news. This will interest you. And, Penny, feel free to paint your nails.
 I believe Alex may have unearthed the grade school science project that could be my ticket to the Nobel Prize. Behold.
 The original title was “A Rederivation of Maxwell’s Equations Regarding Electromagnetism”” I dumbed it down because some of the more religious people in town were starting to say I was a witch.
 Notice people on your own time. We’re working.
 Yeah, you had a good run, Fake Wolowitz. We’ll remember you with nostalgic fondness, the way we do the dial-up modem, the VHS tape, or, or Leonard’s gym membership.
 Okay, one vote for, one vote against. Leonard, you’re the tiebreaker.
 Well, I don’t sell my friendship that cheaply.
 Welcome aboard, old chum.
 He left a boy, he returns a boy-sized hero.
 You know, I am very disappointed that I won’t be able to celebrate Howard’s accomplishment tonight.
 Yes, it’s just that in all the years I’ve known him, he’s never had the opportunity to receive my admiration. I was excited to see the look on his face when it finally happened.
 I know.
 Oh, that hardly seems fair. But I guess any team that I’m not on has a decided disadvantage.
 Yeah, once again, I know.
 Got it.
 Oh, Leonard. Now, how can you not get that?
 It’s not a present, it’s the present. Look. There’s you and me. There’s Penny and Amy. We’re playing Pictionary. In the present.
 It’s a quark-gluon plasma.
 It’s asymptotically free partons inside a quark-gluon plasma.
 It’s an observational rebuttal of the Lambda-CDM model of the universe.
 Hey, if you want someone to guess chocolate chip cookie, you draw a glass of milk next to it.
 Yeah, only after I eliminated all the obvious answers. You’re welcome.
 There.
 Come on, Leonard, I am spoon-feeding this to you.
 Wait, no, no. No. The word is Polish. See, look. Polish sausage. And the, the model of the solar system developed by Nicolaus Copernicus, a Polish astronomer. And then, finally, if that wasn’t enough, which it should have been, this is Madame Curie killing herself by discovering radium, who, although she was a naturalized French citizen, was Polish by birth.
 Ah. So it is. I guess we both share blame on this one.
 Don’t know.
 I am not a loser. Pictionary is not a true test of any real intelligence or skill.
 Lot of big talk from a man who can’t draw a chocolate chip cookie.
 All right. Let’s play Physics Fiesta.
 It’s a game that I just invented, in which the participants answer physics questions in remedial Spanish. Um, ¿Dónde está el boson de Higgs?
 Bueno, mi amigo.
 All games are made up. They’re not found in nature. You don’t just dig in the ground, come across a rich vein of Rock’em Sock’em Robots.
 That is true. I have a higher than normal body density. If I run too deep a bath, I drown.
 No, that’s not fair either.
 Darts is a bar game. You’ve been frequenting drinking establishments since you were of legal age.
 Well, regardless, she has a distinct advantage in all tavern-based competitions. Pool, beer pong, wet T-shirt contests, they’re all out.
 No.
 Hurry up, find him, find him.
 For goodness’ sake, he’s wearing a hat, glasses, and a red striped shirt.
 How could you not find him?
 I’m okay. I’m okay. I’m not okay.
 Stop that.
 Amy, do something. Amy, help. Amy, stop that. Amy, Penny, both of you, stop it.
 Wait. I’m a little concerned. Blueberries are rich in antioxidants.
 So, with all those antioxidants, what if I run out of oxidants?
 That’s rude.
 Not now!
 Oh, ow, blueberry in my nose, blueberry in my nose!
 For the record, he also thinks the Walgreens and the dry cleaners are out of this world.
 Interesting hypothesis. Let’s apply the scientific method, perform an experiment.
 It’s fascinating. Let me see if I can duplicate the result. Howard, I’ve always thought the lemon was an underrated fruit. Care to weigh in?
 Oh, well.
 What kind of tea would you like?
 Two tea bags in one cup? You’re not at a rave.
 I couldn’t agree more.
 Oh, oh, on the contrary. Couples costumes are one of the few benefits of being in a relationship. Now imagine this, you and I entering Stuart’s party and all eyes turn to see America’s most beloved and glamorous couple.
 R2-D2 and C-3PO. Dibs on Threepio.
 Okay, I’m gonna let that slide because I know you’re hopped up on tea bags.
 Fine. How about one of the most beguiling and influential couples of the 20th century? Hewlett and Packard. Dibs on Hewlett. What? You want to be Hewlett?
 Night of the Living Garlic Bread?
 I’m sorry, but these are just ordinary foods with the names bent into tortured puns. The dishes themselves are in no way Halloweenie.
 What are you smiling at?
 Space.
 A Tardis makes no sense. It’s a time machine from a science-fiction show. It has nothing to do with Halloween. That being said, if you don’t get a Tardis, you stink and your party stinks.
 Yes! This party just became a major rager.
 Yes.
 We seem to have different approaches here. I was going for helpful honesty. I have no idea what you’re doing.
 Okay. If you think being nice will get him to shut up, I’ll try it.
 Look at that, the problem solved itself.
 What if we were to go as dinner table favourites salt and pepper?
 No, I don’t think so. Those dolls represent three things I do not care for, clowns, children and raggediness. I think it’s a lost cause.
 What’s a hickey?
 I should’ve picked hickey.
 It was a compromise. I lost.
 Paradigm-shifting news, gentlemen.
 Earlier today, I invited Professor Stephen Hawking to join me in the popular online game Words with Friends. Moments ago, he accepted my request. Do you understand what that means?
 I’ll walk you through it. The game is not called Words with Strangers. No, it’s not even called Words with Acquaintances. It is called Words with…
 Friends! It’s Words with Friends! Which Stephen Hawking and I officially are. Now all I need is a bunk bed with a slide, I’ll have everything I’ve ever wanted since I was six years old.
 And I’m happy for you, too. You are now friends with someone who is officially friends with Stephen Hawking. Enjoy it, boys. You may have peaked.
 And if they ever come out with a game called Words with People You Once Worked With, you’ll be off to the races.
 Hold that thought! Professor Hawking has made a move. Boy, oh, boy. Oh, it’s only a matter of time before we’re coming up with fun nicknames for each other. I’ll be Coop. He’ll be Wheels. If he’s okay with that. 
 Yes. I play the word quiver with a triple letter and a double word score for 72 points. That ought to let the air out of your tyres, Hawking.
 It is glorious. One of the greatest intellects of our time has agreed to engage with me in a gentlemanly battle of wits. And I’m spanking him so hard his grad students won’t be able to sit down.
 What’s your point?
 Ooh, my friend Stephen just played the word act for 18 points. That’s right, I call him Stephen now, because I checked, and he was not okay with Wheels.
 Amy. Why would you give me a word? Now, if I play extract it would be cheating.
 Although, I could play the completely unrelated and better word extract. Ethical conundrum avoided. Thanks, brain.
 It’s been three days. Why hasn’t Stephen Hawking played a word?
 Not challenging? I was humiliating the man. I was thinking of writing a book called A Brief History of the Time I Made Stephen Hawking Cry Like a Little Girl.
 Really?
 Good Lord, what have I done?
 Play. Play. Play. Play. Play.
 Trying to use a Jedi mind trick to control Stephen Hawking. Play. Play. Ugh! He must be wearing a tinfoil hat or something.
 Does it affect me?
 Then suffer in silence. Play. Play. Play. Stephen Hawking. Stephen Hawking. Stephen Hawking.
 Stephen Hawking hates me.
 I was beating him so bad, he doesn’t want to be friends anymore. Why does everyone love me except Stephen Hawking?
 How would I know? I’m not listening to you.
 I humiliated Stephen Hawking in a game of Words with Friends. He stopped playing, and now we’re not friends anymore.
 Hmm. Beats me. Now, I know Hawking’s not busy because I can see he’s playing other people right now.
 Wolowitz told me he’s a big baby. But I didn’t know that, and I played extract for 82 points. It’s all Amy’s fault. She told me to play it. I have got to cut her loose.
 Yeah, I hear you, brother.
 Fine. Women, huh?
 Blonde women, huh?
 It sucks to be you.
 Leonard, wait. No. I listened to your dumb thing. Leonard, come back. Leonard, come back. Leonard, come back.
 Oh, of course, it only works on the weak-minded.
 No. It would appear as if I’ve lost him. Stupid brain.
 How can it be okay? Stephen Hawking’s a genius and he talks like a robot. It’s everything I’ve ever wanted in a friend.
 You’re right. I guess I just have to make lemonade out of the two of you. He played! He played! Coop and Rolling Thunder are together again. He was okay with that nickname.
 Yeah, way ahead of you. I will play the word at for two measly points, throwing the game and thus securing my friendship with the smartest man in the world.
 I can’t. Losing on purpose is intellectually dishonest.
 Oh, but I want to be Hawking’s friend.
 Oh, but if I do, I’ll be a phony, a sellout, a Hollywood poser.
 I won’t. This feels right. My mother always said, to thine own self be true.
 ‘Course she also told me that every animal in the world got on one boat, so what does she know? And send.
 She sounds exactly like you.
 It’s Stephen Hawking.
 Professor Hawking, how nice of you to call.
 Oh, me, too.
 Yes, congratulations. You won fair and square. Uh, very impressive, sir.
 Oh, I love brain teasers.
 Hello, I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Welcome to Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags. Before we get started, I’d like to announce the winner of our design your own flag competition. But I can’t. The only entry was from GameyGamer75, and I know that was a jpeg of your buttocks. Now this week we have a very special episode where we explore the flags of the popular entertainment franchise, Star Trek. And to help me, I’m pleased to introduce Internet personality, former star of Star Trek
 What’s wrong?
 My friend, Wil Wheaton.
 So, Wil, what do you have for us first?
 It’s true. In 1982, Wil played the voice of Martin the mouse in The Secret of NIMH. You moved me.
 So, Wil, what do you have for us first?
 Oh, none that I could see. I saw a man who loved flags almost as much as I do. I got goose bumps.
 Really? He reminded me of a young William Shatner.
 Well, you’re my girlfriend and I don’t want you to be upset. Then again, Wil Wheaton’s my friend and I don’t want him to be upset. Hmm, this is a sticky wicket. What do you think?
 I’ll be right back. Feel free to play with yourself.
 Amy, I can’t just ask Wil Wheaton to leave. He’s a minor celebrity. Once you explain who he is, many people recognize him.
 Could you? That would solve everything. You are the best. I’ll see you at dinner tonight?
 Come to think of it, I would! You, little lady, are on fire.
 I was out raising heck with Mr. Wil Wheaton. Four hours more and we would have closed down the HomeTown Buffet.
 Yeah, I did, but then Wil called Amy a pain in the A-S-S. She got huffy and left, then Wil and I headed out to dinner. That place really did remind me of my hometown. Because there we also have a HomeTown Buffet.
 Yes, quite the kerfuffle.
 Walked right out the door.
 Enjoyed a delightful dinner at a reasonable price. The manager recognized Wil and let us sit right next to the frozen yoghurt machine. Right next to it. I was closer to it than I am to you right now.
 Why’s that?
 You’re just repeating what I said. It’s like living with a lactose-intolerant parrot.
 Fine. It’s a shame you didn’t go to dinner with us, because the buffet you’re about to enjoy only serves humble pie, a dessert much less tasty than frozen yoghurt. I was this close.
 You’ll appreciate this. Leonard has some ridiculous notion that you’re mad at me. Tell him you’re not mad at me. Go ahead, set him straight.
 Hmm. Eat one of your Luna bars. Very often when women think they’re angry, they’re really just hungry.
 Precisely, I didn’t do anything. Now does someone feel like checking her emotional math?
 Wow, Amy’s mad and Leonard was right. What a weird day.
Amy. Amy. Angry Amy.
 I’ve been thinking about what happened, and I hope this gift will make things better.
 First of all, you’re welcome. And furthermore, not being familiar with Wil Wheaton’s body of work, there was no way for you to know you were being rude to a national treasure. Get ready for 130 hours of I told you so. Fine. I’ll just tell you what happens. Episode one, Encounter at Farpoint. Fade in. The new Enterprise heads out on its maiden voyage to contact the Bandi people of Deneb IV. Enter Wesley Crusher, played by my buddy… She’s hooked.
 Penny, if you wouldn’t mind, I’d like to have a conversation about girls.
 Penny, please, I’m on the horns of a relationship dilemma. And for the record, I had a full pubis of hair by the time I was 19.
 Well, it’s been a rough day. I usually go chamomile tea, but I don’t think that’s going to cut it.
 Will that calm my nerves?
 Sold.
 The trouble isn’t with me, Penny, it’s with your gender. Someday, scientists will discover that second X chromosome contains nothing but nonsense and twaddle.
 It’s a Band-Aid at best. See, the core problem is that Amy and Wil do not like each other. Which is baffling because they’re both crazy about me. And I like them, which indicates they’re bright and interesting and/or were on Star Trek.
 Not true. Leonard made me like you. And let me tell you, that was a hard row to hoe. Cheers, pal. Ooh. Boy, that is a treat that’s hard to beat. Get the Mad Hatter on the horn, I’m having a tea party.
 I drink tea all the time. I think I know what I’m doing.
 My problem is I’m out of tea.
 Penny, please, I think I’ve evolved beyond my simple rustic upbringing.
 On the other hand, that low-down polecat done wronged my woman.
 Amy deserves better. You know, when we buy the Planter’s deluxe mix, she eats all the Brazil nuts so I don’t have to look at them. She’s a unique blend of saint and squirrel.
 I’m a callous egomaniac. She’s gonna leave me.
 No, she won’t. I’m great.
Wil Wheaton! Wil Wheaton! Wait, how many was that?
 Wouldn’t you like to know?
 Just tea. S’the best tea I’ve ever had.
 I’ll tell you. I’m from Texas. Need I say more?
 You insulted my woman. I’m here to defend her honour. Two! It was two. Wil Wheaton! Now prepare yourself for what may come.
 My fists are not up here because I’m milking a giant invisible cow. They’re up to beat an apology out of you.
 Well, that was a long bus ride for not very much.
 You’re asking a lot of questions, Wil Wheaton. As a matter of idle curiosity, which of your shrubberies do you feel would benefit from a thorough vomiting? Never mind, I’ll choose. You were so good in Stand by Me.
 Hello, I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Welcome to Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags. Get ready for a very special episode where we explore the flags of the popular entertainment franchise, Star Trek. And to help us, I’m pleased to introduce a special guest, surprisingly, it only took gas money and the promise of free food to get him here, Mr. LeVar Burton.
 I don’t know what she’s talking about, but I’m obligated to agree with her. She’s my girlfriend.
 It’s a hypothetical containment field for a Frisbee-sized wormhole that could serve as a portal to a parallel universe.
 It’s a Frisbee-sized wormhole, Leonard. You can block it with a Frisbee. Calm down.
 I expect you to wipe the pudding off your chin. Gentlemen.
 Oh, hello.
 No, thank you.
 I’m quite sure. Good day.
 Where are you going?
 I just told you.
 Well, it’s your word against mine; see you in court.
 To be honest, I didn’t know you were here.
 You think you don’t care?
 Oh, I don’t know. I mean, statistically speaking, I’m sure you have something to worry about.
 Well, if we assume your looks are average, yeah, right off the bat, fifty percent of men on Earth are more attractive than you. That’s one point five billion handsome lads standing by, waiting to rain on your parade.
 Not height, vision, athleticism, or ability to digest dairy products.
 You were just spying on your girlfriend through a peephole.
 I’m not saying you don’t have attractive qualities. Your choice of friends is impeccable, you’re a good sleeper, and last but not least, you buy the grapes I like. You’re a real catch compared to some snoring guy with a fridge full of lousy grapes.
 Well, unless of course he’s a skilled hypnotist.
 While unlikely, it’s still a statistical possibility. She might be performing sexual acts with him and not even know it.
 Am I? The mind’s a mysterious thing, Leonard. He could be having the time of his life while she thinks she’s a chicken pecking for corn.
 I thought you left a long time ago.
 This is Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Experimental log. Wormhole generator test forty-four.
 The first forty-three parallel universes I’ve checked proved to be empty. I see no reason to suspect universe number forty-four will be any different. 
 Oh! It’s eating my face!
 I found your webcam and replaced the video feed. You two should be ashamed of yourselves.
 Sorry? You may not realize it, but I have difficulty navigating certain aspects of daily life. You know, understanding sarcasm, feigning interest in others, not talking about trains as much as I want to. It’s exhausting. Which is why, for twenty minutes a day, I like to go down to that room, turn my mind off and do what I need to do to recharge.
 You don’t need to know, you don’t deserve to know, and you will never know.
 One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight… Drat. I’m never going to get to forty-three again. One, two, three, four… Rats.
 If a zombie bites you, you turn into a zombie. However, if a mummy bites you, all you turn into is some schmo with a mummy bite. So, like a zombie, that’s been eaten from the waist down, you, sir, have no leg to stand on.
 Oh, thank you.
 I’m sorry, 294?
 That’s my parking spot.
 It doesn’t matter. That’s my spot.
 Well, I’m not using my nipples, either. Maybe they should reassign those.
 I don’t want another parking space. I want my parking space. It’s perfect. It’s a corner spot, cutting the risk of door-dings in half. It’s a mere 28 steps from the building entrance. The nearby tree provides shade on hot days and is also home to a delightful squirrel. Which is fortuitous because most squirrels are real jerks.
 Don’t try to change the subject. This is about a parking space. It has nothing to do with cars.
 I always listen to myself. It’s one of the great joys of my life. Now, get your car out of my spot.
 Very well. You leave me no choice.
 What are you looking at, you stupid squirrel?
 President Siebert, listen to reason. Yeah, I understand I don’t use the parking spot, but that’s not the point. I… Yes, I’m aware you told me not to call you at home, but you didn’t answer the door. And I know you were there, because I saw you through the mail slot. Yeah, well, that’s some salty language. May I remind you that you’re the president of a major university, not the president of the Potty Mouth Club. There it is again. Do you kiss your mother with that mouth? Oh, well, I’m sorry for your loss. Good night, sir. Unbelievable. He says Wolowitz deserves my spot because he’s a high-profile asset to the university.
 Yeah, that was five weeks ago. How much longer is he gonna milk that cow?
 No, no, this is a slippery slope, Leonard. It starts with a parking space, where does it end? It’s like my dad always said, first they say you can’t drink and drive, next thing you know, you can’t let your 10-year-old take the wheel while you sleep one off in the backseat.
 Leonard, you’re my best friend. Why don’t you ever take my side?
 I’m sorry, but could you be more specific?
 Oh, that. Well, see, I wanted it, and you weren’t using it. Apparently, those are the rules we live by now. Payback, it truly is the B word, isn’t it?
 I’d love to help you out, but unfortunately, I’m using it.
 Go ahead. That’s the only doctorate you’ll ever get. It smells funny in here.
 Cookie.
 Well, I’m not giving it away. 
 He’s in my spot. Leonard, make him stop being naked in my spot.
 Get off there.
 Give me back my parking space.
 You don’t need an Iron Man helmet. You’re not Iron Man.
 Keep a lookout. This place is swarming with campus security. They will not hesitate to scold us.
 Oh, yeah. Okay, now, pull your car into the spot and let’s get out of here.
 Yes, and be sure and put on the emergency brake. Really makes these things tough to budge.
 All right, colour me intrigued.
 I think you’re high on paint fumes. And boy, that’s a lot of Band-Aids.
 Morning, Professor Stevens. Don’t look at that whiteboard. That’s my math, not your math. Keep walking, nosey.
 Oh. You said I’m not using my space, so I’m using it.
 No, I don’t.
 Actually, I have a plastic baggy strapped to my leg that says I can. Give up, Wolowitz. You’ve chosen to tangle with a superior intellect you can’t defeat. There is nothing you could possibly do to… 
 Oh, yes, they are. I mean, what?
 Your threats are empty, nothing can move me. Stop that.
 No. That’s it. I am calling campus security. You prepare for the scolding of your life.
 He’s trying to kill me, Leonard. Video games and rock music have desensitized him to violence.
 Oh, preposterous. I have been solely responsible for this university’s six loop quantum gravity calculations, I have changed the way we think about Bose-Einstein condensates, and I am also the one who got Nutter Butters in the cafeteria vending machine. Maybe you missed that news while you were floating around like a goof in outer space. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have work to do.
 Hey, sweet ride.
 Just breaking in your new car.
 You know what they say? Revenge is a dish best served nude.
 Oh, of course, come in. This is an authentic Chinese throwing star, and I must warn you, I have seen many people throw them in movies.
 Well, Howard, thank you. It’s quite a gesture on your part. You’ve shown yourself to be the bigger man.
 Which I find totally unacceptable. I must be the bigger man. Therefore, you may use my spot until such time as I learn to drive or get a Batmobile.
 There is nothing to say. Except I’m the bigger man. I’m not kidding. Say it.
 Oh, stop. And I believe this is yours. FYI, if you wear that into a bank, they will tackle you to the ground.
 To burying the hatchet.
 Yes. According to information I gleaned from Yelp, you had great success when a santeriasuzy37 brought you a pair of leather slacks stained with chicken blood. I believe I may have a similar problem. This cushion experienced a nude revenge wiggle.
 A naked man sat on it. Now, here’s my concern, his diet is rich in fatty deli meats. What test do you have to detect lipid residue?
 Lipid residue. An anal autograph. A colon calling card, if you will.
 Don’t rush it. We may be dealing with befoulment on a molecular level.
 Is that your son?
 Looks like that laptop’s seen better days. If you’re interested, I’m selling this. It’s only two years old, 16 gigabytes of RAM, Intel core i7 processor, and I can personally guarantee it has spent less than 20 minutes resting on an astronaut’s penis.
 Is anyone else troubled by the Spider-Man theme song?
 It is, right behind do-do-do-do-do Inspector Gadget., and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, heroes in a half-shell.
 However, the Spider-Man lyrics posit that Spider-Man, Spider-Man does whatever a spider can.
 I can think of many things Spider-Man can’t do that a spider can. One, crawl in your ear and die. Two, legally leave Guatemala without a passport. Three, have sex with a spider.
 You know what I like to do when I’m forced to speak with those beneath my intellectual station? I bring up an interesting topic, like the difference between Spider-Man and spiders.
 No, you can’t use that one. That’s mine. Uh, try this one for an ice-breaker. Uh, despite popular lore, there is no place in the continental United States, Alaska or Hawaii from which one can dig straight through the centre of the earth and come up in China.
 Actually, you can’t have that one either. It’s too good. Sorry.
 Sadly, yes. Amy’s taking me to a memorial service. It’s for one of her colleagues who is of Asian descent, so my planned conversational gambit is to casually remark that no matter how deep they dig his grave, he’ll never make his way back to China.
 What can I say? I put the fun in funeral.
 Amy. Amy. Oh, right, funeral. Amy.
 I’m not allowed to wear my Silver Surfer neck tie, but you can wear a bathrobe?
 You’re sick? You poor kid. Well, see ya.
 Me? No. No, I’m not that kind of doctor.
 Oh, no, I see the confusion. No, the intent behind that clause was to force you to take care of me when I’m ill. When you’re feeling better, you’ll think that’s funny.
Amy. Amy. Amy. I made a commitment in writing to comfort you in times like this. Additionally, you are my girlfriend, and I care about your well-being.
 You’re welcome. Now let’s get this over with.
 102.2. Exactly what it was half an hour ago. It’s like you’re not even trying to get better.
 Well, not with that attitude.
 I’m sorry. I just want you to get better as soon as possible. And with that goal in mind, let me ask you a question. Do you believe in the placebo effect?
 Great. Now, this may look like a Tic Tac, but it is really a powerful medication specifically designed to cure your illness as well as freshen your breath.
 How can you sleep? I’m not done making you feel better. I still have to put a cold rag on your head, sing to you and apply VapoRub to your chest.
 Yes. All over it.
 Now you’re being a responsible patient. Now, you may notice some tingling.
 And the control group displayed significantly fewer genetic abnormalities. But, because of flaws in the experimental design relating to environment and diet, they lived inconclusively ever after. The end.
 No. I need to get you down for a nap. And for some reason, that VapoRub gets you all fired up.
 Oh, I’m hanging in there. Thanks for asking.
 Uh, I’m going to draw you a soothing bath. Where’s your bath thermometer?
 Fine. Then I’m going to draw you a nerve-wracking bath of indeterminate temperature.
 Amy, would you be strong enough to bathe yourself, or do you need my help?
 I’m surprised to hear that. See, the other day, I was concerned that you weren’t recovering, so while you were sleeping, I took a cheek swab and had it cultured in the lab.
 I got the results back. Have you developed any of the following symptoms? A growing nose, or perhaps a warm sensation in the trouser region? Also known as full-blown liar, liar, pants on fire.
 It hurts that you would lie to me, Amy. I thought our relationship was based on trust and a mutual admiration that skews in my favour.
 It pains me to say it, but I think some form of penalty is in order, so as to discourage this type of behaviour in the future.
 In a perfect world, I’d lock you in a stockade in the public square. That probably requires a permit.
 Oh, that seems overly harsh. I mean, you gave in to a human weakness, you didn’t kill a man. You know, it’s a tad old-school, but my father was not one to spare the rod when my brother would sneak into his truck and drink his driving whiskey.
 I don’t want to. But it looks like you left me no choice.
 Are you prepared to receive your punishment?
 Why?
 Very well, then. Get over my knee. Let’s begin.
 Excuse me. You’re not supposed to be enjoying this.
 Maybe I will.
 Yeah, oh, I’m sorry. I should’ve mentioned this earlier. You’re not invited.
 Amy, from time to time, we men need to break free from the shackles of civility and get in touch with our primal animalistic selves.
 Yeah, like a bunch of savages.
 A Christmas gift? You know I don’t enjoy Christmas.
 Oh, where to begin? Trees indoors. Overuse of the words ’tis and ’twas. And the absurd custom of one stocking. Everyone knows socks belong in pairs. Who uses one sock?
 Actually that helps, thank you.
 Oh, a scroll. I like scrolls. They’re my third favourite system of transmitting the written word. After stone tablets and skywriting. You have all been summoned to join a thrilling Dungeons and Dragons adventure. Your quest begins in a secret northern village of elves who have all been massacred. I like where this is heading. Your task is to rescue their leader from a dungeon of ogres. Oh, that’s a saucy twist. That leader’s name, Santa Claus. No, no, no.
 Fun? Mixing Dungeons and Dragons with Christmas is like making a sandwich of grape jelly, the best-tasting jelly, and petroleum jelly, the worst-tasting jelly.
 I signal my contempt for your cruel plan to shove Christmas joy down my throat by making a gesture that says get a load of this guy.
 Lucky.
 I know they’re making a rhetorical point, I just don’t know what it is.
 I open the chest.
 Wait, Svaty Vaclav was the Duke of Bohemia.
 Wait, wait. Svaty Vaclav is better known as Good King Wenceslas from the beloved Victorian Christmas carol.
 Good King Wenceslas looked out, on the feast of Stephen. When the snow lay ’round about, deep and crisp and even
 Brightly shone the moon that night, though the frost was cruel. When a poor man came in sight gathering winter fuel.
 It was simple. I combined a well-known historical fact about Bohemia with the memory of my grandparents, Mee-Maw and Pop-Pop, singing Christmas carols while I sat in front of the fire and tried to build a high-energy particle accelerator out of Legos.
 W-W-Wait. There’s still four more verses. You don’t sing a song and not finish it. Hither, page, and stand by me, if thou know’st it, telling. Yonder peasant, who is he? Where and what his dwelling? Brightly shone the moon that night, though the frost…
 Ye who now will bless the poor, shall yourselves find blessing. Ba-da-bum.
 I think the word you’re looking for is bravo.
 Melted snowmen? Are there carrots and lumps of coal in the water?
 Well it’s a game of the imagination, Leonard. Paint a picture.
 What happened to the top hats and the corncob pipes?
 Oh, it’s like I’m really there.
 Yes. What, is there a problem?
 Since when is eggnog a Christmas drink? Eggs are available all year ’round. I’ve been known to enjoy this poolside.
 Oh, don’t be silly. Christmas is a bunch of baloney created by the tinsel industry. Why is this so important to you?
 No wonder you love Christmas. That sounds amazing.
 Yeah, I’m familiar with your work. C-minus was your gift.
 All right. I think I cracked the code to lower the drawbridge.
 Play through the pain.
 But first, I cast a spell of paralysis on Stuart and Howard.
 You can’t talk, you’re paralyzed. I get right up in Santa’s big, fat face and say, well, well, well, jolly old Saint Nick, we meet again. Yeah, I believe the last time we spoke was in the Baybrook Mall in Galveston, Texas, when I was five years old, isn’t that right?
 My mother dragged me there and she plopped me down on your lap and you asked me what I wanted for Christmas. And I told you, my Pop-Pop, because that was the year my grandfather died. I missed him and I wanted him back.
 Pop-Pop was the only one in my family who encouraged me to pursue science. But you didn’t bring him back, did you? No, instead, I got Lincoln Logs. Well, you can build a lot of neat things out of Lincoln Logs, but Pop-Pop ain’t one of ’em. And now you’re here asking me for something, to save you. Well, sorry, Mr. Kringle, but today’s not your day. I’m leaving you here to rot, and I hope the ogres feast on your bones. I take the skeleton key, and I toss it into the chasm, and on the way out, I give Santa a swift kick in his bowl full of jelly!
 Santa?
 Well, then, you shouldn’t have jingle bells on your boots.
 I understand.
 Oh, I hope it’s a train.
 Two trains?
 I’m getting three trains.
 Wait, uh, uh, hang on. In my defense…
 Well, I must say, Leonard, when I first heard your idea for Giant Jenga, I was sceptical.
 No, I was wrong. The looming threat of being crushed under a pile of lumber does add a certain spice. I’ve never felt so alive. Oh, hello, Alex. Uh, let me go get you last night’s recordings.
 Well, you remember when you told me I talk in my sleep? Well, it occurred to me that, like most things I say, it’s probably pure gold. So I started recording it all, and now Alex gets to comb through eight hours of what I like to call Sheldon After Dark.
 Jenga, I win!
 Ah, gentlemen, what is on the conversational menu this morning?
 Well, that’s not acceptable. I mean, I’m her boss. She needs to be solely focused on my needs, not distracted by your pasty, androgynous brand of sexuality.
 Oh, please. Look at you with your pouty bee-stung lips.
 I want to thank you all for coming on such short notice. Uh, in the past, I’ve reached out to each of you individually, but I believe my present situation requires the collective wisdom of the group, which as you can see from your commemorative T-shirts I have dubbed Sheldon Cooper’s Council of Ladies.
 I need your advice about a delicate workplace situation. Uh, to protect those involved, I’ll be changing their names.
 Well, a short, bespectacled colleague of mine who lives in the shadow of his brilliant roommate. Let’s call this colleague Ricardo Shilly-Shally.
 No, no, Shilly-Shally has red hair and, uh, he briefly served in the Mexican Navy. Anyway, despite the fact that he has a girlfriend, Shilly-Shally has been the recipient of inappropriate workplace flirtations from a young lady.
 No. No. No. This is Tondelaya della Ventimiglia.
 No, uh, no, I’m sorry. Who’s talking about Leonard and Alex?
 Okay, look, it’s not really about Ricardo and Tondelaya. It is really about her boss, who doesn’t quite know how to handle this situation and could use your advice, which is surprising because Dr. Einstein Von Brainstorm, he’s usually pretty smart about these things.
 Ladies, ladies, please. We’re not here to talk about Penny, okay? We’re here to talk about me. Uh, I mean Einstein Von Brainstorm. Oh, darn it! All right, I guess the cat’s out of the bag. Let me explain what’s going on. Ricardo is really Leonard.
 Well, what should I do?
 Oh, no, he’s not uncomfortable at all. No, he’s loving it. Yeah, he’s strutting around like he’s five-foot-six.
 Talk to her? That’s all you’ve got? With a cool name like Sheldon Cooper’s Council of Ladies, I really expected more. Give me back the T-shirts.
 Alex, check my schedule. What does my afternoon look like?
 Well, that snuck up on us, didn’t it?
 Let’s not call it a problem. Let’s call it an opportunity. To solve a serious problem.
 You don’t know? Oh, you poor dear. Your ovaries are squirting so much goofy juice into your brains you don’t even know which way is up. You made an inappropriate sexual advance towards Dr. Hofstadter.
 Now, there’s no need to get defensive. I’m not unsympathetic to your plight. My father used to say that a woman is like an egg salad sandwich on a warm Texas day.
 Full of eggs and only appealing for a short time.
 Yeah, you and me both, sister. Now, please understand, I don’t hold you responsible for your behaviour because, see, from an evolutionary standpoint, you’re a slave to your desire to reproduce. But during the work day, when you feel possessed by amorous intent, may I suggest that you suppress it by leafing through this illustrated book of sexually transmitted diseases? Let’s see here. Oh, yes. Check out this oozy doozy.
 So does this fellow, but he can’t without it burning like hot soup.
 Oh, yes. Yeah, and a fat lot of good it did me. All she did was get mad at you.
 I needed advice about a woman. I would have asked you, but if the last few years have proven anything, it’s that you can’t tell a uterus from a unicycle.
 Good to know. Yeah, a few more helpful hints like that, you may find yourself on the Council of Ladies. Hello. I see. Uh, what time? Very well, then. Huh. That was the Human Resources Department at the university. Apparently, my assistant Alex has filed a complaint accusing me of inappropriate behaviour in the workplace.
 Hmm, let me think. Nothing. I’m a delight.
Human Resources Department. Human Resources Department. Human Resources Department.
 Hello.
 Thank you.
 So I’ve been told. But I can’t understand what she has to complain about. I mean, she has a front-row seat as I make scientific history. There’s string cheese in my mini-fridge, and that’s for anyone. Yeah, and just yesterday I led her away from a life of sexual promiscuity by making her look at pictures of disease-ridden genitalia.
 Like what?
 Oh! I see the confusion here. No, no, Alex thought I was singling her out. No. I meant that all women are slaves to their biological urges, you know? Even you. You’re a slave.
 Well, y-you, I-I’m just saying, you know, at a certain point in a woman’s menstrual cycle…
 I don’t see why I’m the one being persecuted here. Dr. Hofstadter, he was bragging about his sexual desirability to anyone who would listen. You know, and Howard Wolowitz, he spent two years using university resources building a six-breasted sex robot. Oh, and at the office Christmas party, I heard Rajesh Koothrappali refer to you several times as Brown Sugar.
 Yes. No, yeah, but in his defense, that wasn’t racist. He’s also brown.
 Well, hello.
 Actually, I came to speak to Mrs. Davis.
 But I came to file a complaint. Somebody has made me feel uncomfortable in the workplace by using language of an inappropriate and sexual nature.
 You, you dirty birdie. I-I thought about the things you said to me yesterday, and I realized I’m deeply offended. Now, be a dear and get me one of those complaint forms.
 And thanks to you, I know better than to ask if you’re menstruating. And based on your behaviour, I don’t have to.
 It has been pointed out to me that some of the things I said to you could be construed as offensive, and I would like to offer you my sincerest apology.
 Yeah, additionally, you should know that the university has mandated that I take an online sexual harassment seminar so this sort of thing doesn’t happen in the future.
 Yeah. Now, unfortunately, uh, my time is much too valuable to waste on nonsense like this, so, um, I’m gonna need you to take it for me. Oh, and, uh, you’d better ace it, they’re pretty mad.
 Interesting. Do you recall this conversation? Leonard, want to go halfsies on a steamer? No, Sheldon, we don’t need a steamer. Looks like that rumpled chicken’s come home to roost.
 That’s a wise policy. I once borrowed my sister’s makeup for a costume contest. Got a terrible case of pinkeye. But luckily, I was going as a zombie. I won second place.
 So to answer your question, no, it’s not better.
 It’s a comic book convention. You know, it’s like pizza or particle accelerators, even the stinky one’s still pretty good.
 I think you should turn on the GPS.
 But the turn-by-turn voice option isn’t on. I know I’d feel more safe if you turn on the turn-by-turn voice option. I love the turn-by-turn voice option.
 Ooh, sounds like that fellow knows what he’s talking about. I’d put on my listening ears if I were you.
 I found a hack online. I was able to upload MP3 recordings of my voice to your GPS.
 Shh, he said it’s interesting.
 Oh, they shot a lot of Star Trek episodes out there.
 Oh, smashing. Now, Leonard, do you know how to get there?
 Yeah, well luckily, someone in the car does.
 None of you will get it. It’s Eisenhower.
 I know Mr. Data isn’t supposed to smile, but here it comes.
 Mr. Data’s weapon is his mind. I’m wielding it.
 Stealing is against the law!
 Nope. The only thing left to do now is assign blame. Nice going.
 What kind of person leaves his keys in the car?
 You’re right. Nice going.
 Maybe we’re better off. What if we were to get in a car with a crazy person?
 Well, perhaps we should hold up a sign that assures passing motorists of our mental competence.
 What, you think just because you’re wearing a captain’s uniform, you’re in charge?
 All right.
 Gentlemen, a little less bellyaching. We’re Starfleet officers and a member of the Borg Collective.
 Leonard, all our lives we have dreamed of finding ourselves inside one of the fantasy worlds we love. And look at us. At this moment, we are, in fact, a Star Trek landing party stranded in an alien and unforgiving environment, relying only on our wits, our fortitude and our moxie. As long as we have those things, nothing can stop…
 I hate this planet.
 Hello. Hello. Uh, uh, uh, four glasses of water, please. Anything for you guys?
 Scotty was on the original series, and we’re Next Generation. So, joke’s on you.
 Actually, it’s three against one.
 Yeah, well, we’re not. We’re an imaginary landing party who had real-life garbage thrown at us by real-life strangers who think we’re idiots. And to tell you the truth, I’m starting to feel like one. I want to go home now.
 Well, I say that’s the last time we ever go outside.
 There’s only one logical explanation. Somewhere in the desert we crossed into an alternate dimension where the women in our lives can finally appreciate great literature.
 Captain, what are your orders?
 Wait. They might be hostile.
 I’ll eat later. Right now, I’m suckling at the informative bosom of mother physics.
 Would it come with Kung-Fu grip?
 Don’t waste my time.
 A hush falls over the crowd as Cooper studies the board. He makes his move. He’s dividing both sides by I. He’s adding back the coefficient. He has a value for P. He’s plugging that back in. He takes the derivative, and he solves the equation. The crowd goes wild. Nobel! Nobel!
 Nobel. Kripke. Don’t look at my board.
 That’s a drawing of a really cool train. Don’t look at that, either. What do you want?
 So they asked you to pack up your things and ship out. That’s hard cheese, Barry. You’re one of the good ones.
 That’s ridiculous. I am one of the great minds of our generation. I work on a level so rarified you couldn’t even imagine it. I said stop looking at my cool train!
 There is ominous music playing, and there is an afghan over my head. I don’t know where you’re from, but where I’m from, that means I’m not doing okay.
 Tea is for when I’m upset. I’m not upset. The university’s forcing me to work with Kripke. I’m outraged.
 Yes, cocoa. Do you have any idea what it’s like to be paired with someone who’s so incredibly annoying?
 See, I did all this great work, and now he’s just going to come along and ruin it. I am angrier than ever and filled with despair.
 Yes, hot apple cider with cinnamon sticks!
 And yet, now you’re in my office. Point, Cooper. Welcome to the Thunderdome, Kripke.
 Why don’t you show me yours first.
 How do I know you’re not going to take my ideas and publish them as your own?
 Because I’m not interested in getting published in Mad magazine. Zingers fly fast in the Thunderdome, Barry.
 Fine.
 And I am sure it’s still more valuable than whatever’s in here.
 Very well.
 Fine.
 I’m fine.
 Yes.
 I read his research, and, it’s leaps and bounds ahead of mine. Which means the mommy of the smartest physicist at the university is not my mommy as I had thought. It’s his mommy.
 What do we have to lose?
 I feel like I’m being strangled by a boa constrictor. Why’d you stop?
 I can’t go in today. I’m sick.
 No, look.
 See?
 Oh, dear. Now I’m not even smarter than you.
 Oh, don’t play the Einstein card. His great breakthroughs happened when no one knew anything. So everything was a great breakthrough.
 All right, geez. What a grouch.
 I know. Go ahead, mock me. Just use small words so I understand.
 We do?
 So?
 Yes. That is the reason. My work is suffering because of all the laid I’m getting.
 What can I say, you know? She enjoys my genitals. I am giving them to her on a nightly basis.
 I’ll do what I can. But it’s not going to be easy, because when I’m with Amy and our bathing suit areas mush together, boy howdy, is it magic
 Because the truth made me look bad, whereas a ridiculous bald-faced lie makes me look good. Anyway, if Kripke asks, tell him my coitus with Amy is frequent, intense and whimsically inventive.
 Of course.
 That’s awfully personal.
 Well, word around the university is I’m giving her sex organs a proper jostling.
 Well, first of all, I’m quite fond of Amy.
 Penny, all my life, I have been uncomfortable with the sort of physical contact that comes easily to others, hand-shaking, hugging, prostate exams. But I’m working on it, you know? Just recently, I had to put VapoRub on Amy’s chest. A year ago, that would have been unthinkable.
 It’s a possibility.
 Fine.
 Well, the equation balances, but it’s certainly not elegant.
 Yes.
 No, I gave it to her well. Now, over here, I was thinking the turbulence could be reduced if we just put…
 I didn’t notice.
 I was too busy squishing all the desirable parts of her body.
 Can we get back to work?
 Toys? I do have a model rocket next to my bed.
 That’s a good one. Dumbledore dies in that one. Yeah, I know, I didn’t see it coming, either.
 You brought up the subject. I contributed an interesting fact on that subject. It’s called the art of conversation. Okay, your turn.
 Good.
 Oh, really, Leonard? Are you going to have another one of your hissy fits?
 Yes, and I have a theory why. Because of your lactose intolerance, you switched over to soy milk. Soy contains estrogen-mimicking compounds. I think your morning Cocoa Puffs are turning you into a hysterical woman.
 There you go again, nag, nag, nag. You’re only proving my point, little lady.
 What? I’m annoying? You criticize my behaviour all the time. Sheldon, don’t talk about your bowel movements over breakfast. Sheldon, when the president of the university is giving a eulogy at a funeral, don’t yawn and point at your watch. Sheldon, don’t throw away my shirts ’cause you think they’re ugly. You’re impossible.
 Actually, I have your signature on a roommate agreement that says you do.
 You pick that up right now.
 Roommate agreement, section 27, paragraph 5, the roommate agreement, like the American flag, cannot touch the ground.
 Where are you going?
 Crazy bastard?
 Leonard, wait.
 Dobby the elf dies in book seven.
 One vintage Mr. Mxyzptlk action figure. That’s Leonard’s.
 One Star Trek
 One Game of Thrones collector’s edition Longclaw sword. Oh, Leonard and I bought that together. That’s a bit of an ethical conundrum. Eh, I’ll keep it.
 Uh, suppose I’ll have to find and cultivate a new roommate. What a task that will be. Do you know how uncivilized Leonard was when I took him in?
 Oh, it took me forever to get him on a bathroom schedule. He would just go whenever the mood struck him.
 Exactly.
 That would be ideal. If a person like that existed, I would sign on, no further questions asked.
 Wait. Here who is where?
 Um…
 Um…
 Um…
 Um…
Good buddy Leonard. Good buddy Leonard. Good buddy Leonard.
 Hey, good buddy. So, uh, I was just talking to Amy, and she made me realize that this little dust-up between you and me is much ado about nothing.
 Yes. All is forgiven, so come back home. I’ll make you some soy hot chocolate, and then I’ll you tell you about our exciting new devil-may-care bathroom policy.
 Okay. Amy’s decided she wants to move in with me, so I need you to come back home, you lovable scamp. That’s a lot of product.
 Leonard, please. You know Amy moving in marks a level of intimacy our relationship isn’t ready for.
 Feelings? What am I, a hippie at a love-in? No. The problem is, she laid out a series of logical arguments that I couldn’t refute.
 Yes.
 Um…
 Hello, home wrecker.
 You gave Leonard somewhere to go. Thanks to you, Amy’s out buying his and hers bath towels. Like I’d ever dry myself with something that has a possessive pronoun on it.
 Great. Kick him out. Break his heart. Everybody wins.
 You think this is fast? It’s just a matter of time before I see Amy’s leg stubble in my shower.
 Hold on. If you don’t want to live with Leonard, why don’t you just tell him?
 That’s because he drinks too much soy milk.
 I suppose there’s no choice but to face the crying, angry accusations and the high-pitched wails of despair.
 Is it kung pao chicken?
 Brown rice, not white rice?
 Spicy mustard from the Korean deli?
 Yes. Amy, are you worried that us living together will take the mystery out of our relationship?
 Yeah, why would you?
 Hello. This is Sheldon.
 We’re not home right now.
 Leave a message.
 You can’t live here.
 No. It’s not the message.
 You did.
 It’s Penny’s fault.
 She doesn’t want to live with Leonard, so he has to come live here again. She’s the snake in our garden. She’s the reason we can’t be happy.
 I said the truth. You don’t want to live with Leonard, and you know it.
 Yeah, I think we should talk about that.
 I thought we were talking about the other thing.
 Well, the evidence does support that.
 Do you want to catch up on some Walking Dead?
 Have you seen the one where Lori dies?
 Or maybe she doesn’t. Let’s find out.
 So, in conclusion, I believe the painful sensation felt after passing a meal of spicy chillies is proof that the rectum does possess the sense of taste.
 Oh, you caught that, did you?
 Ah, Alex, excellent. I have a research problem that I believe you can help with.
 Oh, no, no. That’s not going to happen, no. What I need you to do is find a Valentine’s gift for my girlfriend.
 Well, I guess those chaps will have to have someone else buy their girlfriends presents. Now, here is, let’s see, this is, this is about two thousand dollars, um, I think she likes monkeys and the colour grey. Contribute to my work. Ah, kids say the darnedest things.
 Okay. Amy will be here shortly, expecting the perfect Valentine’s gift, so, you’re up kid. Dazzle me. Go.
 Now, see, I never would have thought to do that. Clearly, I made a good choice farming this out to you. But I am telling you, Amy hit the boyfriend jackpot. Anyway, my socks are on. Let’s knock them off.
 Now, Amy already has a real harp. And it can play any song. What are you trying to pull here?
 Next.
 Mmm.
 But she’s got Google Maps on her phone.
 Well, I hope it’s with a third good option, because these first two, buh.
 Wow. Oh, this is truly remarkable.
 I think I’ll keep it for myself.
 It’s too late. I call dibs.
 Hello.
 Okay. Shall we go to dinner?
 Yes, and as you know, I planned to pretend to enjoy it. I’ve been working on this facial expression all day.
 What is that?
 Really?
 More than anything.
 Well, I don’t know what to say. This is the most thoughtful gift that anyone’s ever given me. And that’s including an amazing gift that I gave myself earlier today.
 No. No, after everything you didn’t do for me tonight, I want you to have it.
 Read it.
 At the bottom.
 Well, I thought, if I have a stroke or a kidney stone, who would I want to share that with?
 It’s like you said, you’re my girlfriend.
 Yeah. Okay. Stop ruining Valentine’s Day and order my pizza.
 Hello, I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Welcome to Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags. My apologies that this episode is coming late. I did shoot one last week, in honour of Black History Month, but I was informed by my roommate that my spot-on portrayal of George Washington Carver could be considered wildly racist. My heart goes out to the members of the African-American community, who, like me, have been kept down by The Man. Now, Fun with Flags is not just for the flag aficionado, it’s also for the flag novice, so, to help me with that, please welcome my friend, neighbour, and flag virgin, yeah, not a real virgin. She’s had coitus many times. Sometimes within earshot of this flag enthusiast. Once while he was trying to watch The Incredibles. Penny.
 So, Penny, I understand you would like to learn more about flags.
 Yeah. Well, you came to the right place.
 What’s wrong?
 Interesting. A few people in the comments section have said that my delivery is robotic. Perhaps that isn’t the compliment it sounds like.
 Right. And which one do I want?
 If our friend, the flag, has taught me anything, it’s to go where the wind takes you. As long as you remain firmly attached to a rigid pole. And, action. So, Penny, what sort of flag questions keep you awake at night?
 Gosh, Penny, what’d you have for breakfast? A big glass of good question juice? The Nebraska state flag is simply the state seal on a field of blue. Spread your legs, invite them in.
 Hello. How’s the final stage of your nicotine addiction study going?
 Good news. Uh, the latest episode of Fun with Flags is online.
 Much better than I expected. She even gave me some helpful tips about acting and body language. Watch. Welcome to my world. Not welcome to my world. Welcome. Not welcome.
 I know. I’m still learning to control it.
 Why would I do that?
 All right.
 Um…
 No. I didn’t start yet, it’s fine.
 Well, I was thinking about you helping me out last night, Penny. And I just wanted to tell you, Penny, that the answer to the question, who did a great job? is you, Penny.
 Yes, you were very natural in front of the camera, and I found your suggestions extremely helpful.
 Okay.
 Oh, that sounds terrible. Why would I want to do that?
 Well, so much for your advice on complimenting Penny.
 She tried to rope us into going to her acting class to see a play. Don’t worry. Luckily, I had the good sense to drown that kitten in the river.
 Oh, so many crazy rules.
Penny. Penny. Penny. Oh yeah, much better.
 Amy pointed out to me that since you did something nice for me, I’m obligated to do something nice for you. So, yes, I’ll go to your dopey play.
 Why not?
 Oh, Dear Lord, more rules? Where does it stop? Can I want to go because I have to want to go?
 Yeah, but now, wait. Do whatever I want? Or whatever I have to want?
 All right. I don’t want to, but at least that makes sense.
 You know, I haven’t seen Raj in several days. Is he no longer a part of our social group? And if so, should we be interviewing for a replacement? Perhaps, this time, we go Latin.
 Oh, brilliant. I’ve been itching to pull that trigger.
 Would it help if I gave him some pointers? I’m just funnin’ ya.
 All right, let’s get this stupid play over with.
 Why?
 Aw, for Pete’s sake. Can we go now?
 It’s about streetcars? Oh, great. I won’t need this.
 She is. But when do they get to the part about streetcars?
 She’s remarkable.
 How can she remember all those lines, but as a waitress, she can’t remember no tomato on my hamburger?
 I got the B word.
 If you ask me, this whole thing is a waste of our time.
 Helping anyone. People should take care of themselves.
 I’m not saying people can’t use tools. Even an otter picks up a rock when he wants a clam.
 I think that’s incredibly sexist of you. I believe in a gender-blind society like in Star Trek, where women and men of all races and creeds work side by side as equals.
 Howard’s disturbing recollections aside, I don’t appreciate being forced to do banal committee work.
 Exactly. It’s like asking the Human Torch to heat up your frozen burrito.
 I suppose there is a history of professional women using their initials so as not to be pre-judged. Harry Potter’s J.K. Rowling, uh, Star Trek’s D.C. Fontana.
 We’re not. This time you’re the smart kid doing all the work while the even smarter kids sit back and watch.
 No, you’re a tool I was using to make my point.
 How is it sexist? My character wields a battle axe as well as any man.
 Mother, warrior-princess, franchise owner, I hear glass ceilings shattering all over town.
 All your ideas address the issue at a university level. By then it’s too late. You need to design an outreach program that targets girls at the middle school level and sets them on an academic track towards the hard sciences.
 Some people are otters, some people are rocks.
 Oh, hold on. While I’m comfortable speaking about science, I’m not sure I know how to spark the interest of schoolchildren. Better Google it.
 How do I get 12-year-old girls excited.
 This must feel pretty good for you, coming back to your alma mater as an astronaut.
 Smart. We don’t want any problems.
 Hello, female children. Allow me to inspire you with a story about a great female scientist. Polish-born, French-educated Madame Curie. Co-discoverer of radioactivity, she was a hero of science, until her hair fell out, her vomit and stool became filled with blood, and she was poisoned to death by her own discovery. With a little hard work, I see no reason why that can’t happen to any of you. Are we done? Can we go?
 Uh, hello again. Um, yeah, I don’t know if women in general have been actively discouraged from pursuing the sciences, but it’s clear you young women here, today, have been. While I was listening to my colleagues waste your time, it occurred to me that it might be much more meaningful to hear about women in science from actual women in science, and, uh, I happen to know two brilliant examples who have agreed to speak to you on the phone right now. Uh, Dr. Rostenkowski, Dr. Fowler, are you there?
 Thank you for taking time out of your very busy schedule to enlighten these young women.
 Heard you the first time.
 Oh, you shouldn’t have.
 No, you really shouldn’t have. I brought my own.
 Well, now don’t you feel silly.
 Howard, did you want your clothes arranged seasonally or by colour?
 Wrong, they’ll be arranged seasonally.
 Yeah, and some thanks I got. The assistant manager chased me out with an artisanal salami.
 Oh, five more minutes.
 How come I never get to do anything I want to do?
 Please, Leonard, he said it’s okay.
 Howard, I have a few questions. I found three bowling pins. Now, do you juggle these, or are you missing seven?
 You health nuts kill me.
 Uh, just a couple more items. Howard, I found this letter from your dad in a box. Now, based on the content, it could either be filed…
 Well, I had to find out if it was personal correspondence or memorabilia. Now, as I was saying, based on the content…
 Wait, can I bring this box of extra shirt buttons to sort on the ride?
 Thanks. Oh. Great party.
 Bleuch. Like cleaning out the entire building’s belly button.
 Oh, hello. What can I do for you ladies?
 Oh, dear. My mother warned me this is what happens to pretty boys in the big city.
 Oh. Oh, I’ve got that in spades. Ravage me.
 I did.
 I can’t tell you that. I’m bound by closet organizer/organizee confidentiality.
 Well, neither is the rule that you have to hold your girlfriend’s hand at the movies. You know. That doesn’t stop you from pawing at me like you’re a bear and I’m a trash can full of sweets.
 Control over the information contained in that letter belongs to Howard. By happenstance, I came to know it. That doesn’t give me the right to disseminate it freely.
 Are you pointing out that California is a community property state, and since Howard and Bernadette are married, the intellectual property contained in that letter is jointly owned by the two spouses?
 Well played. Sometimes I don’t give you enough credit, Penny.
 Oh, Leonard. If I was prone to sarcasm, I’d say I was pulling off a major heist at the museum of laundry baskets.
 Oh. Yeah, well, I was waylaid by Penny, Bernadette and Amy. They made me reveal confidential information about Howard’s father.
 I can’t tell you that. I am bound by closet organizer/organizee confidentiality.
 Sorry, badgering me won’t work. What you should have said is, It’s pointless to keep this a secret because Penny will tell us.
 All right, I’ll tell you. My goodness, everyone’s on their game today.
 My shirt is itchy and I wish I were dead.
 If I say yes, can we turn off that Latin orgy music?
 Yes, it’s six against one. Stand down, sir.
 I panicked. He looked taller than usual.
 It’s simple, really. It occurred to me that knowing and not knowing can be achieved by creating a macroscopic example of quantum superposition. The, the principle that a physical system exists partially in all its possible states at once.
 Anyway, um, I realized that if we each present you with an account of what your father wrote to you, only one of which is true, and then we don’t tell you which one it is, you will forever be in a state of epistemic ambivalence.
 It was a map leading to the lost treasure of famous pirate One-Eyed Willy.
 Don’t.
 Or that’s complete poppycock which Amy made up. It still could be the map.
 I would like to change mine. The pirate’s name was Peg-Leg Antoine. Now it’s completely different from Goonies.
 Don’t.
 You know, surprisingly, uh, the letter from your father wasn’t the most interesting thing I read in the closet. Bernadette’s diary has some saucy passages.
 There’s nothing to worry about. Your secret’s safe with me.
 Although copyright law would allow me to quote snippets in the context of a review.
 Uh, Penny, I, I have a couple of questions about your closet. Is there any reason you’re keeping this dead goldfish?
 Well, now, did you also have a dog? Because I found what appears to be a battery-operated chew toy.
 If I could keep my Gmail account, I’d be okay with that.
Hey.
 If we’re going to change the topic from jellyfish, I’d be okay with brine shrimp or the history of the unicycle.
 Excuse me, the whole tenure system is ridiculous. A guaranteed job for life only encourages the faculty to become complacent. If we really want science to advance, people should have chips implanted in their skulls that explode when they say something stupid.
 Pchew!
 Raj, don’t dangle false hope in front of Leonard like that.
 Pchew! Pchew! Pchew! Pchew!
 While I disagree with the premise of tenure, if they gave it to me, it wouldn’t diminish my output. You know, I’m like the sun. Can’t turn this off.
 Mm-hmm.
 Well put. You know, I must say I go back and forth on this boyfriend-girlfriend thing, but those moments when you worship me really keep you in the running.
 My primary concern with being granted tenure is living with an insanely jealous roommate after the fact. I might need to sleep with a gun under my pillow. Or a chainsaw.
 Or, the chainsaw.
 Sheldon Cooper does not do cozy.
 But I suppose it wouldn’t hurt to know who’s on the committee. Let’s see. Oh, Janine Davis. Oh, dear.
 Well…
 Even you. You’re a slave.
 I’m not sure, it could go either way.
 Mrs Davis? Mrs Davis? Mrs Davis?
 Yes, hello. I’m fine. Um, I understand you may have a bad impression of me, so I bought you a gift.
 It’s too late. Get ready to like me.
 The tragic history of slavery in America. Fun for the whole family.
 Um… Well… You are black, right?
 Because you want to start watching it right now. Copy that. Let’s see. Up next on the tenure committee is Professor Wu. Well, get ready for the complete works of Jackie Chan.
 Barely knew him.
 I won’t be able to make our date night this Thursday, so, bad news for you.
 First of all, when you say things like that, people think you’re crazy. Second, the reason I’m cancelling is because I have to attend a memorial service for Professor Tupperman.
 Eh, it will be. Honestly, if I must endure a long and tedious evening, I’d rather it be with you on date night. But I have no choice. The tenure committee’s going to be there.
 Well, now that I think about it, that would be most helpful.
 Actually, I meant you could drive me. But if it makes you happy, that other stuff, too.
 Okay.
 Sad.
 Glad.
 Bad. However…
 Fine. Bad.
 You’re here.
 So am I. His passing makes me feel bad.
 What are you going to do? Take people’s drink orders and get them wrong?
 What? Did she do it yet?
 Well, that’s a fine how-do-you-do. Don’t just stand there. Take your breasts out.
 Are you implying that my girlfriend has no sexuality to exploit?
 Okay, because that was not clear.
 What? That was ambiguous.
 Um…
 Well, yes, of course, he wouldn’t like that at all. Last night, I was feeling in need of sexual release when I happened to come across your mother.
 I don’t know what you’re doing, but I was about to insinuate that I had coitus with Raj’s mother for a dollar.
 What do you think I should do?
 I don’t want any more, but let’s go.
 Wait. Hold on. I believe screw it, I’m going in is what I said to your mother last night. Don’t worry, I didn’t really say that. I find the concept of coitus ridiculous and off-putting.
Mrs Davis? Mrs Davis? Mrs Davis? I know you’re in there. I saw your car in the parking lot.
 I just found out that you recommended myself, Dr. Hofstadter and Dr. Koothrappali to be on the short list for tenure.
 I don’t know what you mean by quirks, but, um, I do want to express my gratitude.
 No, no. No, I learned my lesson. I understand that was inappropriate.
 Anyway, thank you.
 Yeah, right on, sister.
 Oh, dear. Penny, have you been recording shows on our DVR again?
 Answer honestly. This is not a trial. That’ll come later.
 Why would the Chinese make our DVR record Paul Blart
 I’m deleting it.
 No, that’s the season two finale. That was quite the cliffhanger. I’m going to re-watch it before season three starts.
 Well, they can’t cancel it. It ended on a cliffhanger.
 Dumplings? Don’t you understand what’s going on here?
 That show ended with all the residents of New York either dead or unconscious. Oh, now I’ll never know what happened.
 Oh, sure, what a wonderful idea. And after that, I’ll make up my own rules of oral hygiene. You know, instead of flossing, I’ll rub pudding on my gums. I’m going to get the number of the SyFy Channel and give them what for.
 No. They can’t just cancel a show like Alphas. You know? They have to help the viewers let go. Firefly did a movie to wrap things up. Buffy the Vampire Slayer continued on as a comic book. Heroes gradually lowered the quality season by season till we were grateful it ended.
 Hello, SyFy Network? Yeah, this is your vice president of programming. Now, we have made a horrible mistake regarding Alphas. Yeah, we need to uncancel it immediately. Well, you just put me through to the people who handle that, you tell them it’s me, and I don’t want to answer a lot of questions about if I really am who I say I am, you know? I just. I want this done. No, I am not the person who just called. That man was clearly a cowboy. Yeah, who was plumb concerned about y’all cancelling his favourite show. Why do they keep hanging up on me?
 I am not flying back to Texas just so my mom can give me a hug.
 Oh, that’s nonsense. I mean, you tell me stories about your day all the time. I don’t care how they end.
 Yeah, but I just told you, I don’t have a problem with closure.
 Oh, quite sure. That proves nothing.
 I take issue with the word compulsive.
 …tion. Okay. For the sake of argument, let’s say I have a problem. What would be your plan for addressing it?
 By playing tic-tac-toe?
 Oh, Amy. And you wonder why people think neuroscience is nothing but a goofy game for diaper babies. Tic-tac-toe can only end in win, lose or draw, none of which will deny me closure. Especially since I’m about to win. B-But we didn’t finish.
 The same way any normal person would. I feel like I want to peel off my own face and tear it in two and then again and again until I have a handful of Sheldon-face confetti.
 Or you could pitch in, grab a nostril and help me get this face off.
 You don’t know what it’s like to feel completely frustrated. To have a desire build up within you and be denied any opportunity for release.
 Yes.
 Let’s box it up.
 Lucky for you, ’cause I wished you were dead.
 Amy, I must say, I was sceptical at first, but this has truly been a transformative evening.
 Well, you’re an excellent neuroscientist, you’re a wonderful girlfriend, and…
 Doesn’t matter, does it?
 And a complete sucker.
 And the home of the brave.
 Don’t stop. Yes, keep going. Just like that. Almost there, almost there. Uh-huh-huh!
 I love you, too.
 Hello. Uh, is this the Bruce Miller who wrote the season finale of Alphas? Oh, smashing. Yeah, you already sound nicer than the last Bruce Miller who suggested I have sexual relations with myself. Now, down to business. Um, your show ended on a cliffhanger. Could you please tell me how you planned to resolve it? Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. I see. Well, that all stinks. No wonder you got cancelled. Bye.
 Leonard, you’ll never guess who I just found online. Hey!
 Very mature. You’re lucky I’m out of silly string. As I was saying, Leonard, you’ll never guess who I just found online. Professor Proton.
 Yes.
 Professor Proton hosted my favourite science show when I was a child. I never missed an episode. He demonstrated scientific principles using everyday objects.
 Oh, dear lord, Leonard, look. He’s still available for parties and events. We should hire him.
 Well, whatever we want. Hang out, do experiments, make him take 12 pictures with us so we can make a calendar.
 Well, I’m e-mailing him right now.
 Of course I do.  Grab your goggles, put your lab coat on, here he comes, Professor Proton.
 It’s happening. Leonard, it’s happening. Professor Proton is coming to our house.
 And you just got yourself uninvited. See? I told you I’d find a tactful way to do that.
 As Professor Proton always says, there is no problem you can’t solve if you use your noggin.
 Yeah, that, too. Big cheque.
 Leonard, are you in bed?
 Me, too.
 I can’t sleep.
 Do you realize that in less than nine hours, Arthur Jeffries, aka Professor Proton, will be in our apartment?
 I’m thinking of wearing a tuxedo.
 Do you have cufflinks?
 Ah, just as well. Where can you rent a tuxedo at three o’clock in the morning?
 Nice to meet you, Professor Proton. Nice to meet you, Professor Proton. Nice to meet you, Professor Proton. Nice to meet you, Prof… Ow! Leonard?
 I still can’t sleep.
 I’m getting worried.
 Professor Proton was never late when he was on TV. You know, every day, four o’clock, he was there. Unless tornadoes were ripping apart East Texas, in which case we’d join him in progress. It’s him. Hello. Well, I see. Yes. All right, we can come get you. Yeah, well, see you soon. Bye.
 The third floor landing. The poor old guy’s been walking up the stairs for half an hour. It’s really you.
 Professor Proton, it’s an honour to meet you.
 Leonard, you hear that? Professor Proton said I should call him Arthur. That means we’re friends.
 Look at me. I can get as close to you as I want without my mom saying it’s going to ruin my eyes.
 I am.
 Oh, no, there are no kids. No, the, the show’s for me. Come on. I’ll race ya, Arthur.
 Yes. And if there’s time, take 12 pictures with us in seasonal clothing.
 Yeah, that’s great. Did you bring your puppet?
 Oh, no. How could anybody hate Gino the Neutrino? It’s nice, huh? I got him for 20 bucks on eBay. Including the shipping!
 It’s gonna get sucked in. It’s going to get sucked in.
 Yes.
 Potato clock. Do potato clock.
 What, well what’s wrong? Is she upsetting you? Because I can make her go away.
 Well, how can you say that? Professor Proton’s the best.
 Mr. Jeffries, I need to show you something. 
 I wrote a fan letter to you when I was a child in Texas, and you sent this autographed picture back to me. Do you remember that?
 Well, anyway, um, you may find this hard to believe, but I didn’t have any friends growing up.
 But, um, I did have you. And every day at four o’clock, you’d come to my house on Channel 68, and we’d do science together. If it hadn’t been for you, well, who knows what would’ve become of me? You know? Instead of a world-class physicist, I could’ve wound up as a hobo. Or a surgeon.
 Yeah, it’s true. A generation of young scientists are standing on your shoulders.
 I’ll do it.
 Oh, yeah.
 Met my childhood hero, now I get to ride in an ambulance. Boy, if we can get him to do that calendar, this’ll be the best day ever.
 Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur. Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr.
 Want me to sing it again?
 There anything I can get for you? Some apple juice? Uh, some Jell-O?
 Name it.
 Oh, you’re not. You look awful.
 Are you saying that you want me to be Professor Proton?
 Oh, my. What an honour. Oh, this is like being asked to ascend Mount Olympus and dine with the gods.
 But they’ll know I’m not you. Should I call myself Professor Proton, Jr.?
 So, in a way it’s like I’m your son.
 Father.
 Dungeons & Dragons.
 I’ve got a brand-new seven piece set of polyhedral dice. Hello, new dice smell.
 Yeah, yeah, we’ll be right there. Leonard?
 I’m not sure how I feel about Howard being dungeon master instead of you.
 Oh, please. Every time the topic of change comes up, you throw Zachary Quinto in my face. I’m upset the mailman has a new haircut, Zachary Quinto. I’m upset that daylight saving time started, Zachary Quinto. I’m upset daylight saving time ended, Zachary Quinto. I’m saying this for the last time, Zachary Quinto was a weird, wonderful, unrepeatable event. So stop using him against me.
 As good? You just got pantsed in the schoolyard, four-eyes.
 Go on, give him your lunch money.
 He does sound effects, too!
 Okay, well, I have a sound effect for those sound effects.
 Ah, that’s my girl.
 It would? Fun? Okay, three weeks ago you bought crunchy peanut butter, now you want the girls to play D&D? Do you have a drug problem?
 Well, I’ve just never played Dungeons & Dragons with girls before.
 I’ll leave it up to the dungeon master.
 Yeah, we, now, Penny, we don’t consume alcohol during Dungeons & Dragons. It impairs our judgment.
 Okay, literal goose bumps. Look.
 I ready my quarter-staff.
 Oh, even better than money. You gained experience points.
 That is amazing. He made me care about the ogre.
 Yay!
 Yeah, uh, wait. Doesn’t he say something first? You know, maybe in the voice of a beloved celebrity?
 The dragon’s Christopher Walken. That’s perfect.
 Wait. Wait. And says?
 Oh, I don’t know about you guys, but I have been through the emotional wringer tonight.
 Another quest by Wolowitz? Count me in.
 Oh, then I’m out.
 You see what happens when you let girls play D&D?
Amy. Amy. Amy.
 I’ve never knocked on my own door before. That was a wild ride.
 Thank you. Would you go tell everyone else that? Because they sure think otherwise.
 Well, I don’t think our relationship is a joke. I think “a horse goes into a bar, bartender says, why the long face?’, that’s a joke. It’s a good one, too, because a horse has a long face.
 Oh, my. That’s an uncomfortable topic. Amy, before I met you, I never had any interest in being intimate with anyone.
 And now what?
 I have not ruled it out.
 I know it doesn’t seem like it to you, but, for me, what we have is extremely intimate.
 More? I mean, look at us. It’s only been three years, here we are in bed together.
 Well, no. Hold on. My Elven magic-user and your half-orc warrior did have a love spell cast on them. We wouldn’t really be playing the game right if we didn’t see that through.
 I believe that, uh, we just killed a dragon. While the others pillage the corpse, I lead you to a secluded area where I attempt to remove your leather armour. It comes off.
 What do you do?
 I kiss you back on the lips as well. Your turn.
 I erotically caress your nose.
 We’re fine, thank you.
 Yeah, I used to be uncomfortable around people, but then I learned a trick. I pretend everyone I meet is a beloved character from Star Trek.
 Oh, like a charm, unnamed crewman in a red shirt.
 Yes, he does. He caters to my every whim.
 Well, now, but do you think that’s a good idea? Uh, you know Star Trek. Should a guy with no name and a red shirt really go on an expedition?
 No one asked you, Uhura.
 Would you like to hear a classic Sheldon Cooper factoid?
 Great. I’ve been doing some reading about vehicular safety. Did you know that the highest number of drowning accidents happen on or around boats?
 Well, that’s the thing about factoids, they’re interesting.
 I’m not afraid to be alone. On land. On the sea, it would be terrifying. Because of all the drowning.
 Fine, no more drowning talk. I’ll change the subject. Oh. Who do you think would win in a fight, you or a shark?
 Very well. Things between you and Penny have never been better. I hope four months apart doesn’t change anything. I should have opened with that, huh?
 Leonard, you’re being selfish. We need to give you a proper send-off so we’ll have closure when you die at sea and crabs eat your face.
 Oh, gee, I don’t know. My schedule’s a little busy.
 Fine, I’ll do it.
 This is ridiculous, we’re shopping for a party and this store doesn’t even have a party section.
 You know, I have to say, Penny, I don’t understand why you of all people are encouraging Leonard to do this.
 Yeah, well, you’re his girlfriend for now. You know, maybe you’re not aware of this, but there is a rich tradition of men at sea finding comfort in each other’s arms and britches.
 It’s not that big of an opportunity. And even if Hawking’s theories are correct, all they prove is where the universe came from, why everything exists and what its ultimate end will be. I mean, me? I’m interested in the big questions.
 I’m not jealous. I’m just very unhappy that good things are happening for him and not happening for me.
 It was you.
 You ripped out your own fake blonde hair.
 They lie so they don’t look petty.
 How?
 Wow. No wonder you didn’t get that toothpaste commercial.
 Um, can I have your attention, everyone? That’s, uh, B-flat, for those who don’t have perfect pitch. I would like to propose a toast to my best friend, Dr. Leonard Hofstadter. He has been presented with a wonderful opportunity, and I couldn’t be happier for him.
 Well, I mean it. I’m really happy for you. And that’s how you get a toothpaste commercial. Cheers.
 Thank you.
 It did not kill me when you went to space. Monkeys went to space.
 Penny, we’re in the red zone. The white zone is for loading and unloading. We’re breaking the law.
 All right, you have to get out of the car right now. I’m not going to jail for you.
 Oh, I see a space in the white zone. Quick, circle the airport.
 Oh, dear Lord, a police officer’s glancing in our direction. We’ve been made.
 It’s just a heart-shaped locket with a picture of Leonard’s face in it. He got it at the mall on clearance. Now move, move, move.
 Don’t worry, Officer. They just love each other. We’re not smuggling drugs.

