 Hello to you, too. I'm sorry, but this is important.
 Back to the Future II was in the Back to the Future III case, and Back to the Future III was, get this, in the Back to the Future II case.
 So, did you do that, or am I in the house with an intruder?
 You're dodging the question, I knew it was you. What was that?
 This isn't a very good connection, but it sounded like someone just released a kraken.
 No!
Penny. Penny. Penny.
 Um, well, I was worried that you might be missing Leonard. And that might be causing you to have bad dreams, like the kind you'd get if you watched Clash of the Titans right before you went to bed.
 To be honest, I did.
 Back to the Future II was in the Back to the Future III case. Leonard did it.
 No, wait. Perhaps I should sleep here so you don't miss Leonard as much, uh, 'cause you're being kind of a baby about it.
 You're welcome. Good night.
 Dear Lord, you're an astronomer. Although you may have earthly woes, get your mind back on the stars. Gee, even the lowly dung beetle chooses to plot its course by using the Milky Way.
 Everything I say is true. Now, of course, the dung beetle also enjoys eating faeces, living in faeces and making little balls out of faeces, so, you know, pick and choose which aspects of its lifestyle you want to embrace.
 I want you to be happy, too, but not enough to do anything about it.
 Penny, did you ever wonder how Starfleet captains…
 Well, now that I've piqued your interest, welcome to the exciting world of 3D chess.
 You overestimate his significance in my life.
 Do I miss how he makes a face on my toaster waffle with syrup? No. Do I miss the way he fixes the zipper on my jacket when it gets stuck? I don't think so. Do I miss how we say good night to each other through the walls of our bedroom using Morse code?
 Well, I try.
 Great. I'll go first.
 By the way, how are you with zippers?
 Well, I really need to go to the bathroom, and this one's gone all cattywampus.
 Ooh. Bad move.
 My queen can now take your rook from below.
 If I make this move, but I won't because we're having too much fun.
 We're all out of alcohol.
 Well, if you'd like, we could call him. I mean that you could call him. As I've explained, the absence of my friends does not cause me pain. As rock and roll bad boy Paul Simon once said, I am a rock, I am an i-i-i-island.
 Oh, goodie, put him on speaker phone.
 Isn't it five thirty in the morning there?
 Are you in danger?
 You were.
 That you're having to process your emotional pain without vodka?
 Allow me to comfort you. At least you've got your health.
 Um, uh, in a hundred years, you'll both be dead and it won't matter?
 Oh, no, I don't think that's true at all.
 Well, perhaps you're obsessively picturing him engaged in drunken coitus with another woman. Is that it? Did I get it right?
 Actually, I can't. Before Leonard left, he made me promise that I'd take care of you.
 Yes.
 Plus, if I do a good job, he said he'd bring me back a sailor's cap.
 Well, if it's any consolation, I'm sure Leonard's tormented every moment he's away from your warm embrace and cherry lips.
 Oh, seriously?
 Here is a hot beverage to comfort you. It's in a to-go cup. Make of that what you will.
 Well, I have been toying around with an idea for 4D chess.
 All right. In 4D chess…
 I own nine pairs of pants.
 I see. I own nine pairs of underpants.
 But I don't want to know how many underpants you own. Although, based on the floor of your bedroom, I'd say it's a thousand.
 I've seen that. Yeah. Serial Apeist. Howard found it online the day we met you.
 And it was literally the moment you walked out the door. But I see the type of personal revelations you're going for. Okay, here's one I thought I'd take to the grave.
 Hmm. A while back, YouTube changed its user interface from a star-based rating system to a thumbs-up rating system. I tell people I'm okay with it, but I'm really not.
 Yes. Whew, I feel ten pounds lighter.
 Here's something else you don't know about me. You just hurt my feelings.
 I opened up and shared something deeply upsetting to me, and you treated it as if it were nothing.
 It is to me; that's the point.
 Your apology is accepted.
 How about a hearty handshake?
 Now I know how you felt getting mauled by that sex-crazed gorilla.
 And here's another interesting weather fact.
 Changes in jet streams can affect the speed at which the Earth rotates on its axis, so bad weather can actually make the day longer.
 Joke if you must, but you're going to miss these moments. With Leonard home in a few days, this was your last time driving me to the grocery store.
 I'll tell you what, if my apples are mealy, we'll hit the produce section for one last crazy blowout. Heck, you can even push the cart. Please don't take my looking forward to Leonard's return as criticism of the job you've been doing in his absence.
 That criticism will come later in your report card.
 Penny, it's your lucky day. Three of the eggs are clearly not jumbo. Grab your keys.
 Uh, Stuart, I was wondering if you could help me find something.
 Oh, you make me laugh, sad clown. Anyhoo, Leonard will be back in a couple days and I need a welcome home gift for him. As he's been at sea, perhaps something with a nautical theme might be appropriate.
 Aquaman? Oh, this isn't a gag gift, Stuart.
 I'm a real collector. How rare is it?
 Don't try and trick me into buying something I don't want. Now let's talk Aquaman.
 Twelve hundred dollars. That's my final offer.
 Oh, right, a present for Leonard. You better throw in that squirt gun.
 Oh.
 Oh, Penny, I see you've ordered pizza. I have Chinese food.
 Oh, that's a rather earthy cologne. My uncle used to wear that. Perhaps we can enjoy one last meal together before Leonard returns.
 Are you sure? With your Italian pizza and my Chinese noodles, we could play Marco Polo. I mean, of course, a re-enactment of a meal in the life of Marco Polo the Venetian explorer, not Marco Polo the terrifying water sport.
 What, now, do you have company?
 Oh, I can take a look at it.
 I'm quite familiar with plumbing. Not to brag, but I spent most of fifth grade with my head in a toilet.
 That's curious. If there's no one here, why are there two glasses of wine on the table?
 Of course. Ask a silly question.
 That's odd.
 There are takeout containers in the trash can.
 What's odd is they're in the trash can.
 Oh, very well. I'm no stranger to enjoying the pleasures of solitude. Oh!
 Have you gotten Leonard a welcome-home gift yet?
 Oh, great. Do you want to go halfsies on a two hundred dollar squirt gun?
 Yes, I am.
 Uh, elephant?
 I'm sorry. I'm just distracted by something that happened over at Penny's.
 I fear Penny is being unfaithful to Leonard.
 She claimed to be alone when there was obviously someone else in her apartment. I have no choice but to assume the worst, given Leonard's lengthy sea voyage and her famously ravenous nether regions.
 Oh, really? She and I once had a staring contest. She clapped really loud and made me blink. It's a small leap from there to sexual infidelity.
 Amy, there were Chinese food containers in the trash can.
 I hear a woman's voice.
 No, it's you. All right, I hear whispering and giggling. Now I think I hear kissing.
 There's kissing in Star Trek, smarty-pants.
 Please. Why would Leonard come home early and waste his time kissing Penny when he could be hanging out with his best buddy? Yeah, that's it. I'm catching her in the act.
 Aha.
 Leonard?
 Right. Penny. Penny. Penny. Are you going to answer the door or should I open it and say aha again?
 Oh, no, I should apologize. Uh, I never realized to what extent our friendship was a burden to you.
 Oh, no, no, let's not sugarcoat this. You find me finicky, pedantic and annoying.
 Well, Leonard, I think it's high time you and I address the tweepadock in the room.
 Amy?
 Fine. Leonard, there's no need for you to pretend to like me anymore.
 No, no, you save your apologies for after you've had disappointing coitus with Penny.
 You honestly think you can buy back my friendship with a cheap souvenir?
 Excuse me. This changes nothing. Except the Halloween costume I'm wearing this year. Amy, you're going to be Olive Oyl. Lay off the doughnuts.
 Hello.
 I'd like a ride. Assuming you actually do take me to work.
 Who knows? Uh, you said you'd be home yesterday, but you came home three days ago. You say you're taking me to work, but for all I know, I'll end up in a deserted amusement park. Or a cornfield maze. Or a back alley dog fight. You tell me.
 Okay. By the way, you have something on your shirt.
 Hurts, doesn't it? You know, I find myself wondering if anything you've ever told me is true.
 You say you're from New Jersey, but how can I believe you?
 All right, I'll give you that one.
 I want you to admit that what you did was wrong.
 I wish I could believe you.
 You say one thing and do the other, so then you are driving me and you find me a delight.
 Keep it up?
 Hello. So I guess you're really holding up the other four fingers?
 Thought I heard you out here.
 You don't get a hey. You get a hmm.
 You're right. Which makes your betrayal all the more devastating.
 I let you buy feminine hygiene products with my supermarket club card. You have any idea the kind of coupons I'm going to get in the mail now?
 Careful, Amy. The friend of my enemy's girlfriend is my enemy.
 Yes. You're either with me or against me.
 Maybe there's a third option.
 Howard, Raj. Judas.
 A crazy person with a long memory, and if all goes according to plan, a robot army.
 Or a mutant army. It depends on how my Kickstarter goes.
 I suppose so.
 And then Leonard took me to the barber and the dentist, and then to cap off the perfect day, the Los Angeles Bureau of Weights and Measures.
 And I'm glad you and I are friends again, too.
 Which reminds me. This came in the mail, and I want you to have it.
 Think of me when you apply it.
 Yeah.
 I don't think that qualifies as a mystery, we all knew what we were doing.
 Thank you.
 Come on.
 That's amusing, I was going to say that about M.I.T., but it works for Princeton, too.
 I'm sorry. Are we really doing this or are we tricking Koothrappali again like with the dinner party?
 Oh, everything I could possibly need to win the scavenger hunt.
 Well, if he does, do you know how filthy those rental balls are? They might as well stand on the corner and give away free rectal exams.
 He is a born showman.
 No, Oh, it actually is if you get the joke. It's based on the premise that Princeton isn't a very good school.
 Oh, see? Now he gets it.
 Really? The only time I'm ever picked first for a team and I'm stuck with the liability?
 Yes, and do you know what the odds are I'd pick your name?
 It's not hard, one in five. Now you know why I'm pouting.
 What are you doing? You have to start with the edges.
 Yeah, well, take them apart and start with the edges. And stop wasting time.
 But we haven't finished the puzzle.
 You think you know the answer. But it could be a trick. What if when the puzzle's complete, there's a sign in the window that says go to the train store?
 Well, I hope you're wrong. I really want to go to the train store.
 It's the comic book store.
 It is a marathon, not a sprint.
 Not with a bowling ball on their back.
 Got it.
 I thought we were the Lightning Sharks.
 The next clue must be hidden under one of these rocks.
 Oh, simple, the ‘arrah, ‘arrah in the riddle mean Jan Arrah, a member of the Legion of Superheroes, known as Element Lad. And then the word He, it wasn't the masculine pronoun, but rather H e, the abbreviation for helium. See where I'm going with this?
 Nice try. Now, Element Lad's ability is the power to transmute chemical elements. Helium has an atomic number of two. If you multiply that by the atomic number of N, nitrogen, you get 14, which is the atomic number of? I'm just funnin' you, silicon. And that is the most common element in the Earth's surface. So that narrowed it down to the geology lab or the chemistry lab.
 And I'm sure your parents are proud. Now, finally, the line in this room the thing you'll see was an obvious reference to Fantastic Four member The Thing, who's made entirely of…
 Those are map coordinates. Got 'em. Let's go.
 No one likes a know-it-all, Penny.
 Okay, another 30 feet.
 Yes. Yes. My brain is better than everybody's.
 To the planetarium.
 It's dirty laundry. You're up.
 Because you've been training for this your whole life. You live in a pile of dirty laundry.
 I'm not a child. I know the word ninny.
 Wait, it's not all pants, there's one shirt.
 Hey, that's my shirt.
 No, no, that's not mine. It has a big spot on it.
 Oh, that's clever.
 Be there in a minute. I just have to pre-soak these.
 Hey, look. I won.
 So what'd you think?
 That's it? Good”
 My apologies. I chose my words poorly. I should have said you were about to have your world rocked on my couch. Anyway, thank you for watching it. It's one of my all-time favourites.
 Story problem? You, oh, Amy, what a dewy-eyed moon-calf you are. Raiders of the Lost Ark is the love child of Steven Spielberg and George Lucas, two of the most gifted filmmakers of our generation. I've watched it 36 times, except for the snake scene and the face-melting scene, which I can only watch when it's still light out, but, I defy you to find a story problem. Here's my jaw, drop it.
 Oh, I see your confusion. You don't understand. Indiana Jones was the one in the hat with the whip.
 I'll tell you why. Amy ruined Raiders of the Lost Ark for me, so now I'm trying to find something beloved to her and ruin that.
 Yeah, except for the fact that Indiana Jones is completely irrelevant to the story. With or without him, the Nazis find the ark, open it and die.
 Oh, it turns out Amy's beloved Pride and Prejudice is a flawless masterpiece. He's got too much pride, she's got too much prejudice, it just works.
 Amy has a fondness for the comic strip Marmaduke.
 And I think I've got it. Consider, a family possesses a dog that is so large and poorly disciplined, he causes nothing but problems. Why do they keep him?
 Of course. You know, why couldn't she just like Ziggy? Yeah? That thing's riddled with plot holes.
 Ooh, I think she's a fan of Garfield as well. Oh, darn it, now so am I.
 Wait, hang on. You've spent time with Amy. Can you think of anything she's fond of that has a bunch of flaws she hasn't noticed?
 Yes. Why?
 April 13, a dark night, indeed.
 I'm calling to invite you to a spontaneous date night tomorrow evening.
 Yes. You were kind enough to watch Raiders of the Lost Ark with me. So I'd like to return the favour by inviting you to watch an episode of your favourite childhood television series, Little House on the Prairie.
 Um, I'm putting on lotion. Are you in or not?
 Excellent. Then I shall see you tomorrow. Good night, Dr. Fowler.
 Good night, indeed. What a rube. Why would I put on lotion when I have such soft hands?
 Well, you sit back, relax and enjoy a beloved childhood memory. You see that cabin there? I read they were illegally squatting on Indian land. Yeah. Personally, I think what we did to the Native Americans was wrong, but this is your favourite show, not mine. Oh, look at little Laura Ingalls, eating that peanut butter sandwich. Peanut butter? Huh? That's strange, since peanut butter wasn't introduced until the early 1900s. If I knew this show was about time travel, I would have watched it much sooner.
 That's silly. Almost as silly as Dr. Baker having a telephone, since telephones only existed in large cities at that time. This is more like Little House on the Preposterous.
 Are you sure? Every time my dad stayed out all night, my mom would put hamster poop in his chewing tobacco.
 Fine. I'm mad at you. Not only did you ruin Raiders for me, you may have ruined the whole franchise. Except for the fourth one, which was bad before you got your mitts on it.
 Thank you.
 Yes. But not as good as I'm going to when I tell you that your precious Garfield has no reason to hate Mondays. He's a cat. He doesn't have a job.
 That's true. He collected and delivered the ark to the proper authorities for filing.
 Yeah!
 Aw!
 Oh, no, I got bored with that. I'm just browsing cuticle scissors on Amazon.
 If you do that, I'll scream.
 That makes two of us. My new cuticle scissors will be here in one to two business days. Come on, one.
 You know, riding with Leonard has gotten a little tedious lately. The only car game he ever wants to play is the Quiet Game. And he's terrible at it, I always win.
 Well, why wouldn't I be?
 My father used to say that all the time. That and, um, who does one have to orally gratify to get a drink around here? But what does that have to do with you working at the university?
 Really?
 Huh. Yeah, I always took it literally. That's why I have never once moved my bowels in this or any restaurant. Hmm.
 Not as relieved as I'm about to be. It's a brave new world, little lady.
 Why not? Hairy Fairy.
 That's a Raging Ogre.
 Well, I appreciate your concern, but I won't be seeing any more of Amy than I already do. I assume we'll deduct any extra time we spend together at work from our weekly quota.
 Why? So you can see the look on Amy's face when she hears my top-notch idea?
 Amy, Bernadette, Penny. Amy, Bernadette, Penny. Amy, Bernadette, Penny.
 Hi. Um, I've reconsidered. Uh, you can't work where I work. Enjoy the rest of your evening.
 Mmm, you are not going to come out of this looking good.
 Well, I was. But that was before Howard explained to me how awful it would be if he had to work with his significant other.
 Now, don't be insulted. He just thinks too much of you would be mind-numbingly tedious.
 Yeah, well, now, well, keep it short. From what I gather, brevity is your friend. So, are we good here?
 Last week, you told Leonard he couldn't wear his Wookie jacket out in public.
 Really?
 Hmm. You sure your mothlike personality won't be drawn to this blazing fire that is myself?
 Well, then, you have my permission.
 Too late. No backsies.
 Howard, if you're going to lie to your wife, don't start the sentence with Sheldon misunderstood. That's a dead giveaway.
 Yeah, but to be fair, he only said the part about him getting sick of you.
 If it makes you feel any better, Amy and I are fine. I mean, really good.
 Uh, it also wouldn't have happened if, in the early universe, hydrogen was a little more common or a little less common. This is fun. Your turn.
 Hello.
 Oh, we're fine. As Howard advised, she's merely respecting our professional boundaries.
 Yeah, you make a good point. It would appear I was worried for nothing. Look at her, desperately wishing she was over here at the cool table. Don't worry, little moth. The flame will come to you.
 Ah, Sweden. Yeah, home of my favourite Muppet and, uh, second favourite meatball. Okay, the Nordic reputation for lack of humour is well-founded. Boy, is his name Gunderson or No-Funderson?
 Oh, please, I'm your boyfriend. You call me Sheldon. That's right, I am in a boy-girl relationship with this cute little lump of wool.
 It's a physical relationship, too. Hand-holding, hugging, even on hot days. Ow. Okay, here's a new one. Apparently now we kick each other in the shin under the table. How do you like it when I do it to you? Not so much, huh?
 Dr. Fowler?
 Well, I'm done with work, so… ugh!
 Oh, baguettes. Yes, I like baguettes. What exactly are you doing?
 So, goofing off. As I was saying, I'm done with work and Leonard's not. So good news, you get to take me home. Play your cards right, I'll let you drive me past the lot where the buses park at night.
 What on earth are you talking about? My behaviour in the cafeteria was delightful. Maybe your friend Gunderson needs to head over to IKEA and assemble a sense of humour.
 Aw. Embarrassed you?
 I'm starting to get the sense that you're angry with me.
 Couple things, actually. Your tone of voice, your body language…
 Well, now, that.
 Bleugh!
 Oh, I had to take the bus home. Fell asleep and missed my stop.
 Did you know that Los Angeles has a Little Sri Lanka?
 Well, I do now. They're a lovely people. Although terrifying when you wake up face-to-face with them. If you're hungry, I brought home some mutton and coconut milk.
 I was asking for directions. Apparently, there was a communication problem.
 Yeah, I thought so, too, but she's acting very strangely. I was discussing it with a Sri Lankan fellow on the bus, and he hypothesized that a tiger may have recently run across her shadow. Although he may have just been trying to drum up business for his brother-in-law's witch doctor practice.
 Well, can you believe she said I embarrassed her?
 But you didn't even hear the details.
 But you don't even know…
 But, now, but in my defence…
 You're not listening to my side of it.
 Well…
 Amy. Amy. Amy.
 I couldn't sleep because I kept thinking about what happened earlier between us. Also, I had one heck of a bus nap. Oh, speaking of which, do you want some mutton and coconut milk?
 Well, I cannot give this stuff away.
 Amy, this isn't easy to say. All relationships are difficult, but even more so when you're in one with a person who struggles with everyday social interactions. And frankly, who can strike some people as being kind of a weirdo.
 I wasn't speaking about me. I mean, honestly, there's no telling what will set you off. You know, introducing myself as your boyfriend. Giving you the opportunity to drive me home. Breaking the ice with your colleagues using ethnic humour, the funniest kind of humour.
 My point is, we're a couple, and I like you for who you are, quirks and all.
 Well, I should hope so. I don't see anyone else banging on this door to put up with your nonsense. Not even a good-bye? You see, that's the kind of thing that makes people think you're weird. Poor kid. She just doesn't see it.
 Yeah!
 Can't talk. In the zone.
 Can't listen, zone. Also don't care.
 Really don't care.
 When did we get to the Cheesecake Factory?
 Ooh, somebody call the burn ward. And back to the zone.
 Zone.
 Leonard, prepare to be humbled and weep at the glory of my genius.
 Look at it. I feel like my mind just made a baby. And it's beautiful. It's not like human babies, which are loud and covered in goop.
 Did I? Well, that can't be right. No one's ever done that before. Except me, because I just did it. Sheldon and his brain, yeah. Sheldon and his brain, yeah. Sheldon and his brain, yeah. Sheldon and his brain, yeah. Sheldon and his brain…
 Gentlemen. Uh, no doubt you heard about my little breakthrough. Now, if your plan is to hoist me on your shoulders and carry me around the cafeteria, please refrain. I don't care for heights, motion sickness or the thought of your necks touching my buttocks.
 Oh, well, thank you. Believe it or not, I just learned a Chinese research team at the Hubei Institute for Nuclear Physics ran a test on a cyclotron, and the results were extremely promising.
 Yeah, I know. They called it the greatest thing since the Communist party. Although I'm pretty sure that the Communist party made them say that. I like China. See, they know how to keep people in line.
 Oh, more testing, more success, more fame. Yeah, but don't worry, I will remain the same down-to-earth humble Joe I've always been.
 Now give me that cookie, I discovered an element.
 Let's see, what's next? Okay, here. This is the Magic Marker I was using when I made the discovery.
 And that's why you're not on a list for my tree fort. Ooh, guess who's getting an article written about him in Physics Today? I'll give you a hint. You measured the diameter of his suspicious mole yesterday.
 Well, you should be. My discovery is spreading like wildfire. Unlike my mole, which is holding steady at the size of a navy bean.
 This is the very copy of The Handbook of Chemistry and Physics in which I looked up the reaction rates of mendelevium and…
 No. No, no, no, no.
 I've made a horrible mistake.
 This table, it's in square centimetres. I read it as square metres. You know what that means?
 Amy, I was off by a factor of 10,000.
 Yeah, well, they shouldn't have. My calculations were wrong. There must be some resonance between the elements I didn't know about.
 Sheldon Cooper does not get lucky.
 What matters is the greatest scientific achievement of my life is based on a blunder. I'm not a genius, I'm a fraud.
 Oh, great. Now I'm worse than a fraud. I'm practically a biologist.
 There's nothing happy about it. I'm being given credit that I don't deserve.
 No, Leonard, this is going to haunt me for the rest of my life. Every science classroom, every periodic table, every textbook, this mistake will be staring back at me. Like that time you let Koothrappali wax your eyebrows. I've got to find a way to stop this thing.
 You know, frankly, I'd prefer a sex tape.
 No.
 Stop it. Stop celebrating me.
 And no woos. Oh, not you, Dr. Woo. You're fine. I want you all to know that you have no reason to applaud me. My so-called breakthrough wasn't the result of my genius. It was nothing more than a boneheaded mistake. So please refrain from praising me for it in the future.
 Oh, no, they found the element. No, no, stop it. I don't need to take this admiration from the likes of you people. How do I make them stop loving me?
 The National Science Foundation wants to give me a substantial grant.
 I know. When will this nightmare end?
 You're not?
 That's the most romantic thing I've ever heard.
 Congratulations, Dr. Fowler. You just made the fort.
 I hate to pile on the bad news, but I just got a raise.
 She might be contagious. Don't you think I'm having a rough enough day?
 Is it me, or does she not look so good?
 And he'd probably still live with his mom.
 And he'd definitely still live with his mom.
 Oh, we couldn't have imagined how good our lives would get from the moment that we met you, Bernadette.
 She's sick, I knew it. Bye.
 I can't believe I read this table wrong. I blame you.
 You distract me. I've been distracted since the moment I met you.
 Well, you should be. Because all I can think about is how much I want to kiss you. And not just on the cheek, but on the mouth. Like mommies and daddies do.
 Amy? Amy? Did you hear what I said?
 Look. A new topical antihistamine with lidocaine. Wow. I can't wait until I get a rash.
 Hey, isn't that Professor Proton?
 Look at him, just standing in line like he wasn't moderately famous 30 years ago. Let's go say hello.
 I'm not going to bother him, I'm going to talk to him.
 Arthur? Arthur, it's me, Sheldon Cooper. You may not remember because of your advanced age.
 This is my girlfriend, Amy. Amy, this is television legend Arthur Jeffries. His science show inspired millions of children.
 So, what prescription are you getting filled?
 No. Wait, I want to guess. Don't tell me.
 No, no, no. I'm really good at this. All right, give me a hint. Does it involve difficulty initiating a stream of anything?
 But I'm hanging out with my friend, and we're having fun. Look how happy he is.
 Goody. What's it say?
 That's strange. That he would come to you for that and not me. Oh, I got two emails from him. Do you have Leonard's email address? And. Never mind, I found it. I can't believe he picked you over me.
 Sheldon Cooper does not cry.
 And to think I idolized that man. And why? At the end of the day he's just another Hollywood phony.
 Yeah, they say don't meet your heroes. Don't peek behind that curtain of fame and celebrity, because if you do, you'll see them as they really are, degenerate carnival folk.
 That's even worse. Using the sweet candy of science to trick children into loving him. Pervert.
 Yes, I have. And my only conclusion is the prescription he was picking up the other day was for cuckoo pills.
 That's kind of a stretch. Look, when it comes to social skills, I've mastered the big three. There's the coy smile. There's the friendly chuckle. There's the vocalization of sympathy. Aw. That last one's tricky, I'm still working on it.
 What?
 No, go ahead, say it. I know what it is. I've heard it my whole life. The word's annoying. Go ahead, say it. Say it. Say I'm annoying.
 Oh, it won't hurt my feelings. Go ahead, Amy, say I'm annoying. I'm annoying. I'm annoying. I'm annoying. Yeah, now, uh, now where are you going? Look, you know you want to say it, say it. Say I'm annoying. Go ahead, say it. Say it. Say it. Amy, say it. Well, she can't stand it when I'm right.
Arthur. Arthur. Arthur. Door knocker. That's TV money.
 I'm sorry, did I wake you?
 Well, I would have been here sooner, but for some reason your home isn't on this map of Hollywood stars.
 It's been pointed out by my girlfriend that I may have been annoying to you.
 Anyway, I wanted to apologize. I am truly sorry.
 No, no, now that we've cleared the air, I wanted to discuss another matter with you.
 Well, then, I'll make this quick. Um, I want to talk about the paper you sent Leonard. Now, I know he said it's promising and he's going to collaborate on it, but now that you and I are friends again, I am at your disposal. And, um, frankly, lending my name and reputation to it will help, because a lot of people think that you're a washed-up has-been. Or dead.
 So, uh, what do you say?
 It's because I'm annoying, right? I know it is. Say it. Say it. Say I'm annoying.
 Say it. Arthur, say it. Say I'm annoying. Say it. Say it. I'm annoying. Say it.
 Well, that really hurt.
 Hello, Leonard. Oh, hello, Arthur. What an odd coincidence that you're both here.
 Because as it just so happens, I'm also spending the day with a beloved children's television science personality. Isn't that right, new friend and colleague Bill Nye the Science Guy. Sorry, I replaced you with a newer model.
 No, I said you were teaching someone a lesson. Now let's go.
 Arthur?
 I'm surprised to see you here.
 I'll get Leonard.
 If you're hoping to get in touch with Bill Nye, I can't help you. I've been informed that he's now Bill Nye the Restraining Order Guy.
 Thank you. It would be an honour.
 Actually, I don't need that. I hacked into your e-mail account and read it.
 Well, first, I think the fact that you use your birthday as a password is embarrassing.
 Second, um, I thought your paper was inspired.
 Can I invite you in for tea?
 Yeah, and my eighth favourite episode of Professor Proton was Alka-Seltzer rocket. You said, plop, plop, fizz, fizz, oh, what a blast-off it is. Remember? Remember that? Remember?
 Oh, wait here. I'll get some Alka-Seltzer, we can build that rocket, and we can shoot it at Bill Nye's house. As long as I'm not within 500 feet of it.
 Leonard, where are the Skee-Ball tickets?
 Yeah, from when we went to the arcade three years ago? I finally decided what prize I want. Hurry up.
 None of your business. But when you see me wearing a flower in my lapel later, you are most welcome to sniff it.
 Oh, thank you. Here, get yourself an eraser for your troubles.
 I seem to be a few tickets short. Are there more in the box?
 Well, you barely looked. Let me see.
 Leonard, let me look in the box.
 Why would I flip out? Is it a spider? It's a spider.
 That seems like a reasonable request. Although so did, hey, Leonard, would you mind returning that DVD?
 Okay.
 I believe you.
 I said I would.
 Okay, first, talking to you while you're on the toilet isn't exactly a picnic for me either, okay? Remember, when you can hear me, I can hear you. And second, you completely disregard how uncomfortable unresolved issues are for me. It's, it's like, a, an itch in my brain I can't scratch.
 You wouldn't make jokes if you could feel the way I feel.
 How about this? I promise I won't pester you about the DVD. You can defecate in peace. That's a win for both of us. But, until this matter is resolved, I would like you to wear this sweater. With nothing underneath it.
 You say it's itchy and uncomfortable. I say situations like this make me feel the same way.
 Put it on. Let's share the experience.
 Oh, did I forget to tell you? That store went out of business years ago.
 How those nipples feeling, chief?
 Gentlemen, please. Leonard is trying to walk a mile in my metaphorical shoes. He can't walk in my actual shoes. He has the feet of a toddler.
 I'm thinking about how one could use the fact that a rapidly rotating mirror turns virtual photons into real ones as a method of observing dark energy.
 Yeah. It's great you're here. I'd love to get an engineer's opinion.
 This chair is squeaky. Now, do I fix it or get a new one?
 Hey, that next of kin thing sounds pretty good.
 I don't know why that surprises you. I'm a grown man. As should be evident by this sport coat and very real flower in my lapel.
 The more interesting question you should be asking is, what does this flower smell like?
 There's nothing to tell. Maybe I purchased a book entitled Don't Sweat the Small Stuff and I followed its wise suggestions, one of which was stop and smell the flowers.
 Please. Ha-ha, Oh.
 How is it I can conceptualize a methodology of examining dark matter in the universe but can't figure out how to fix a novelty squirt flower?
 There's probably a deep reason. Which I'd be happy to discuss with you over some peanut brittle in a can.
 Well, you seem hot under the collar, or is that the sweater?
 Oh, not necessarily. I suggest you look for long-lost relatives either in Armenia or Lebanon.
 You know, it might be fun. You love hummus.
 Leonard, I have something to tell you, but I want you to promise not to flip out.
 Seven years ago, I found out the DVD was late and I paid for it.
 I was going to mention it at the time, but then I thought, some day, this might be a teachable moment.
 I know. And it wasn't easy. Do you have any idea what it's like to wait for years and never know if you're going to finally get satisfaction?
 Yeah,uh, look, it is scientifically impossible for a person to tip a cow. Even you, with your stocky build and lumberjack shoulders, you couldn't do it.
 Mmm. You know, I've been told that a bald refusal of an invitation is rude and one must instead offer up a polite excuse, so I'd love to go, but, unfortunately, that sounds awful.
 Oh, since you put it that way, I'd love to go, but that sounds even more awful.
 Uh, excuse me, but every year you prepare a terrible meal and every year I criticize it. Do our traditions mean nothing to you?
 Ugh, fine, I'll go. But if her food is delicious, Thanksgiving is ruined, and it's on you.
 Do we really have to go to Mrs. Wolowitz's house?
 Now I know how the African slaves felt. Being dragged from their homes to labour under the yoke of the white man.
 Yes.
 He's right.
 Let me ask you a question. At any point, was Las Vegas on its side?
 Yes. Like we're on a ship. Coming from Africa to America.
 Yes, Miss Amy.
 Oh, oh, oh, I have a reason. It could be because you said yes to marrying Zack, but every time Leonard's proposed, he's gotten a resounding no. Yeah, that's just off the top of my head.
 Hah!Penny? Next.
 It smells wonderful. Is anyone slaving away in the kitchen? Because I, too, know…
 I don't know the first thing about women, but I would not follow her.
 They passed against a nickel defence. They should have run it off-tackle.
 My father loved football. He always made me watch it before I was allowed to do my homework.
 I would throw a quick slant to a wideout, given that the defence is showing blitz.
 I don't care for your mother's bathroom. There's not an angle to do one's business without a clown figurine staring at you.
 1993. Leon Lett blew the game in the final seconds and the Dolphins emerged victorious. Then I finally got to do my calculus.
 So was my dad. And then he did.
 No. He died when I was 14.
 So was the man who owned the local liquor store. He cried and cried.
 No, sir. He did try to give me one for my high school graduation, but I was 11 and my mom said no.
 All right.
 Do you mind? We're having a moment here.
 Two, three, eight, four, six. That's all I can do without throwing up.
 All I know is you can only fit one of her in a car. And there's the clown that came out of her. I really didn't want to come here, but this is shaping up to be one of the best Thanksgivings I've had in a long time.
 She's so tiny. It's funny when she's mad.
 Perhaps you're right. I'm sorry for my behaviour. I've had alcohol, and it's caused me to be inappropriate.
 Ain't she great?
 Now, how's about you get us a couple of beers?
 This is a Jewish house. I don't think they have pigskin.
 I just vomited on a lot of clowns.
 Thank you. Uh, the university made me come here. I didn't want to. Uh, big fan of the show.
 Yes.
 Who? Give me their names. I bet it's Wolowitz.
 Can we talk about something else? Do you know that I yodel?
 Yes, yes, I'd be a physicist with a Nobel in chemistry. Everyone laugh at the circus freak. You know, I don't need to sit here and take this, Flatow. It is because of bullies like you, every day more and more Americans are making the switch to television.
 President Seibert, I don't know why you're yelling. You're the one who made me go on the radio. I was expecting a professional science interview, not an attack by some morning zoo shock jock. Well, if the university needs money so badly, perhaps you should start a swear jar. Whoa, that one's worth a dollar.
 Yeah, well, I'm not just some trained monkey dancing for coins.
 Look, you're gonna be doing this stuff for a while. You're just gonna have to find a way to get used to it.
 But none of you know what this is like. Being celebrated for something you wish you never did.
 Here comes the Embarrassment Express. With stops at Fraudville, Wonder Blunderberg, and Kansas City. Because it's a hub.
 Do you have cookies?
 Good. I don't deserve cookies. Come in. Wil?
 Why are you here?
 Certainly. Although, right now, I'm having a rough time because there's three people in my room, and it's starting to feel like a discotheque.
 Oh, nonsense, Wil. Your endless tweets are not that bad.
 How could you not like getting attention for playing Wesley Crusher? You were wonderful. A know-it-all boy genius with an eidetic memory. Who couldn't relate to that?
 That just happened to me. Next time you're stuck for a tweet, feel free to say what a jerk Ira Flatow is.
 I do see what you're saying. That helps.
 Would you two like to stay and play trains with me?
 Oh, great, now, I work the controls, I say all aboard. You sit quietly and watch.
 You should probably go.
 Hello, President Siebert. Thank you for taking my call. I just wanted you to know that you can now expect enthusiastic participation from me regarding my discovery. Oh, no, no, no, no. No need to thank mNo, thank my friend, Wil Wheaton. For your information, I have nine friends, hmm? Ten if we include you. Nine it is. Ah, it's ten. I'll count Wolowitz. Hello, friend Leonard.
 I'm in a great mood.
 Yeah, but what about the Chinese research team? They found it.
 Really?
 So no more interviews?
 I can't believe it.
 You robbed me of my greatest achievement.
 I'm back down to nine friends. Make it eight, I'm sick of Wolowitz, too.
 By taking away my only claim to fame? Well, if you wanted to make me happy, you could have told me a joke. Or shown me a cute video of a koala and an otter becoming unlikely friends.
 That's what makes their friendship unlikely,
 Leonard disproved my element. Now all the attention is going to go away.
 That's it, I'm down to seven friends.
 When I thought the element was real, I didn't want it. But now that Leonard made it not exist, I want it more than anything in the world.
 Don't you dare use science against me. Science is my best friend. Oh, good, I'm back up to eight.
 Oh, yes, nine. Welcome back, buddy.
 I have no idea what she's talking about, but we're ganging up on you so I agree.
 No, no, of course you have to publish. That's your responsibility as a scientist. Doing otherwise would be unethical. You have no choice.
 Can you believe this guy?
 I saw. And I just posted a retraction of my paper. Now the whole scientific community knows I was wrong.
 Not to me. The only other retraction I ever had to issue was when I was seven and I conceded that my brother was the greatest ninja in East Texas. But that was just a ploy to get my face out of his armpit.
 No, no, no, that's okay. I can fight my own battles. Isn't that right, Bawwy.
 You're right, That was uncalled for. I take it back.
 What's that animal doing in our apartment?
 I have two words for you, Jurassic Park. This day just keeps getting worse and worse.
 It probably won't.
 Oh, everything is just sex with you isn't it?
 Thank you. Ira, if I may, I'd like to apologize for my behaviour last week.
 Now, isn't there something you'd like to say to me?
 I believe I can answer that.
 Fine.
 You're telling it wrong. Ira, to really understand the story here, you have to start at the very beginning. A small town in East Texas, where a young genius named…
 That's right, Sheldon Cooper. He was bitten by his neighbour's dog, leading to his first scientific breakthrough, the doggie death-ray. Which, sadly, he couldn't build because Santa wouldn't bring him enriched uranium.
 What a surprise. Did you invite me back just so you could ignore me?
 Well, that seems like a snooze. Even for public radio.
 You know, I don't just say smart things about science. I also yodel.
 Oh, I would, but I'm on my way out.
 Texas.
 Yes. My sister's uterus came down with a baby.
 No, I will be Uncle Dr. Cooper.
 Well, I never told you about my brother's kidney stone. You want to hear about everything that comes out of my family's genitals?
 Yes. I'm filling in for her husband who's recovering from a horrible motorcycle accident. Lucky duck.
 Well, she's due tomorrow. Although it did take her six years to finish high school, so who knows?
 Oh, no, thank you, I don't want to be an inconvenience. Chop-chop, Leonard. We leave in ten minutes.
 The second I go out of town you throw a Christmas party without me?
 That's so thoughtful. You guys are the best.
 <i>She went into labor an hour ago.
 No, she chose to have a home birth because she wants to live in the Stone Age and a cave wasn't available.
 And turn the bedroom floor into an amniotic Slip ‘n Slide.
 Oh, boy. I picked the wrong day to wear my good robot T-shirt.
 No, it's not. I've seen things. Lady things.
 Doesn't matter. This is no way to make new humans. People coming out of people. It's some kind of dirty magic show.
 Did you hear that? A mop. I have two PhDs yet somehow I'm the janitor of my sister's birth canal.
 Hello.
 Of course I'm doing laundry. Saturday night is laundry night, and I'm in a laundry room, so, I believe your inference is justified.
 A tad asymmetrical, but nothing to be concerned about.
 To what?
 I'm not taking you anywhere till you put on a shirt.
 Penny, for the thousandth time, I'm saving myself for someone special. Perhaps a cute bespectacled neuroscientist with hair the color of mud.
 Actually, much better.
 I don't know. I just got back.
 My mother asked me to get some towels. I took advantage of the vague request and went to Bed, Bath & Beyond. Excuse me, I'm on the phone. So rude.
 That's it. The baby's here. It's a boy.
 Oh, thank you. I wasn't sure I was gonna to make it. But my mother gave me some ice chips, my sister told me to breathe, and I just thought to myself, Sheldon, if you can make it through the Green Lantern movie, you can make it through this.
 Oh no, no, I'm not going back in there. That baby is so irritating. He has literally been crying his entire life.
 Why?
 Ugh, all right, I'll go. But from what I've seen, his attention span is as limited as his bladder control.
 You okay?
 Me, too. I got a lot of TV to catch up on.
 To quote Han Solo, I know.
 I would've preferred to have you there with me.
 Or instead of me.
 I did.
 Looking into the blank, innocent eyes of a creature that couldn't begin to comprehend anything I was saying? Basically just another day at the office.
 We can, but thanks to Steve Jobs, we don't have to.
 Yay, Penny.
 Why is that funny? That's just unhygienic.
 I don't think so. I believe that a joke is a brief oral narrative with a climactic humorous twist. For example, uh, Wolowitz's mother is so fat that she decided to go on a diet, or exercise, or both. See? The twist is that people don't usually change. Well, they don't.
 Wait, if Howard's mother is coming, then you should also steal marbles. Because she's obese, and hippos are obese, and in the popular board game Hungry Hungry Hippos, they eat marbles. Maybe I need to dumb these down for you.
 Leonard, do you think I'm funny?
 I think I'm hysterical.
 The philosopher Henri Bergson says it's funny when a human being behaves like an object.
 Oh, he didn't perform stand-up comedy, he was a philosopher.
 Perhaps I'll spend some time developing a unified theory of comedy, which will allow me to elicit laughter from anyone at any time. Unless they're German, 'cause that's a tough crowd.
 I don't get it.
 I don't know about you, but I'm very uncomfortable with all this.
 I've never seen this show before and now I'm starting with episode 246? It's unnatural.
 All right.
 Well, don't ask me. Until I see the prequel, I'm lost.
 I've been studying how to make people laugh. They say that comedy is tragedy plus time. Let's tickle some ribs.
 This is interesting. Apparently, a key component in some forms of humour is the element of surprise.
 BRAIN LESIONS!
 Or maybe you have a stick up your prefrontal cortex.
 Excellent.
 Kumquat?
 Ointment?
 Now, would you say ointment is more, equal to, or less funny than kumquat?
 Will you please stop joking around? I'm trying to figure this out.
 All of them.
 Who's in the mood to laugh?
 But I used science to construct the perfect joke.
 So, a sandwich, a rabbi and yo mama walk into a bar. Where are you going?
 Should I follow you?
 Leonard, wait.
 I forgot to tell you the sandwich is promiscuous.
 Can't sleep?
 Would you like to talk about it?
 Why not?
 Does that mean the relationship is over?
 Why don't you ask her?
 Well, I'm sorry.
 No. You're my friend, and, I'm sorry.
 No. That wouldn't be funny at all.
 It's an outrage.
 The university, they think they can do whatever they want. We just have to sit there and take it.
 You work tirelessly for someone, and this is what you get.
 But I don't want a vacation.
 Oh, this again? So, Penny proposed, you didn't say yes, and now you think you may have lost her love forever. How does this compare to me being forced to relax for a few days?
 Thank you.
 I'm going to go inside, put on my coziest pajamas, curl up with a good book and wait for this nightmare to be over. Penny. Sorry.
 Come on, take me to work with you.
 Please. What if there's a big breakthrough in science today and I'm not there to see it?
 No. I was just tricking you.
 Leonard, wait. Take me with you.
 Please.
 Too bad. I'm coming with you.
 But.
 Hello.
 I'm on vacation. What do you think?
 Leonard told me to stay.
 Where are you going?
 Well, have fun.
 Really?
 Okay. I'm inside the CERN super collider.
 Wow. Didn't see that coming.
 Let me guess.
 What was I gonna do? Two ins in a row? Where's my lemonade?
 A fitting swan song to your career as a waitress, to forget my order one last time.
 Do you see me drinking lemonade?
 Why do you ask?
 No, I don't think you are.
 The best way to achieve a goal is to devote 100% of your time and energy to it. When I decided I was going to be a physicist, I didn't take some other job in case it didn't work out. Which wasn't easy because there was a lot of pressure from Ms. Pearson for me to be chalk monitor that year.
 Because he's not like us, Penny. We're dreamers.
 I've read that there are great yogis who have such mastery over their bodies they can draw water in through their genitals.
 Too bad. It seems like a good way to drink a milk shake without getting brain freeze.
 Well, to be honest, I thought she said Yoda.
 Namaste.
 I'm willing to if you guys are.
 Y, No. I'm as much a part of this relationship as you two, and I think it's high time we put all our cards on the table. For example, where is this going? Are you two ever getting married? And, if so, where will we all live? Have you thought about that?
 Penny?
 Good. Now we're getting somewhere.
 Yeah, no kidding. Despite what it says on her résumé, she is no longer 22.
 He does that to me, too. Why do we put up with it?
 I'm fine with it.
 Well, to celebrate this reconciliation, let's all share a milk shake. Uh, Penny, you'll need a straw.
 Don't get soft on me, Hofstadter. I will slap those glasses right off your face.
 Good Lord, this is not the time for flirting, keep it in your pants.
 Every year. I told you, wear a diaper.
 It's live. Go, go, go, go, go.
 No.
 Do not stop refreshing your screens.
 Refresh. Refresh. Refresh….
 Refresh. Refresh. Refresh….
 Yay! And they say firefighters are the real heroes.
 Oh, Sunday's the worst. Everybody's leaving, most of the good panels are over, and the only T-shirts they have left are small and XXXXL.
 Not Sunday, I love Sunday.
 It's okay. You know, there, there's always WonderCon in Anaheim, you know? That, that's just as good. Excuse me.
 I can't believe we wasted all that time on our Hulk costumes.
 Yeah.
 Gentlemen, I have the solution to our Comic-Con problem. We don't need them. I'm starting my own convention.
 I told you. Buying scalped tickets is against the rules. If you get caught, you get banned from Comic-Con for life. Life, Leonard. You're gonna feel pretty silly when we're 80 years old, and you have to drive me down there and then wait in the car for three days.
 How do you know this isn't a sting operation set up by the Comic-Con police?
 You know, there was a time when Comic-Con didn't exist at all until one lone dreamer with a unique vision made it happen. And you mark my words, I'm gonna rip that guy off.
 Yes, I'm starting my own comic book convention, and I thought that your client, Robert Downey Jr., would be perfect to appear on our first panel. Oh, well, now, why are you saying no? You haven't even asked him yet. You know, excuse me, but I sat through Iron Man 2. I believe he owes me two hours of his time. They hung up on me.
 I didn't even get to that part.
 Not true. Wil thinks this is a great idea. He was just concerned that he wasn't a big enough celebrity to headline such an amazing event. Also, that's the same day that he shampoos his beard.
 You don't know that. I still have plenty of solid leads on this list.
 No, wait. I need you to call Stan Lee, Leonard Nimoy and Bill Nye the Science Guy, 'cause, legally, I'm not allowed to. Oh, and, also, Carrie Fisher, you know, 'cause I hear he can be pretty nuts.
 Gentlemen, I am one step away from securing a huge guest for my convention.
 I don't think that will be necessary for Mr. James Earl Jones. You heard me. The voice of Darth Vader, the Lion King's dad, and FYI, the guy who says, This is CNN. Which also sounds like Darth Vader.
 Simple. Earlier today, he tweeted that he's looking forward to going to his favourite sushi restaurant for dinner. I googled an interview from four years ago which was conducted in his favourite sushi restaurant. That's where he'll be, and that's where I'm going, and…
 You're the ones who are going to get in trouble. You're buying non-transferable tickets. And from a stranger, no less. Not only can you get banned from Comic-Con, if caught, you could be charged with petty theft. You think about that while I'm warning James Earl Jones about the danger of posting his location on Twitter. He got lucky this time. There are some weirdoes out there. Bom, bom, bom, bom, badum, bom, badum. Bom, bom, bom, bom, badum, bom, badum. Bom, bom, badala, baba, badalum, bom, badala, bom, bom, forgot my keys, bom, bom, bom, bom, badum, bom, badum…
 Thank you. My friend Leonard said if I bothered you while you were eating, you'd think I was a creepy stalker.
 He is, Mr. Earl Jones, he is.
 Me, too. But he wasn't, was he?
 So messed up.
 Is it true, as a child, you were a stutterer and were functionally mute for eight years?
 Oh. Is it true they used scuba gear to create the sound of Darth Vader breathing?
 Oh. Is it true that you were pre-med in college and you almost became a doctor?
 Oh, James, I could listen to your stories all night.
 Hey, Los Angeles. I'm on a Ferris Wheel with Darth Vader. And he's nicer than you think.
 In the jungle, the mighty jungle, the lion sleeps tonight…
 Bring it home, Mufasa. Eee, eee, eee, eee, eee, um, um-a-weh.
 I don't understand what we're doing.
 Whose house is this?
 Okay. But I think it could have ended with the karaoke.
 Oh. How much does it cost to get them off my lap?
 Oh, right. Well, my friends and I couldn't get into Comic-Con this year, and I was trying to start my own convention, and I was going to ask if you would be a panelist.
 Really?
 Ay-yi-yi.
 I'm sorry, who's Angie Dickinson?
 I submitted you a notarised list.
 Well, you don't like Princess Corncob, you don't like Fester, you're just impossible to please.
 Ah, the worst for last. Hmm. Classic Flakey.
 People usually start a meeting with a joke, but you go ahead, end with one.
 I hate every word in that sentence. Including in, at, we and a.
 For starters, a bed-and-breakfast forces you to eat with strangers at your table.
 Oh, very well. What are the sleeping arrangements? We've only been dating for three years. If we were to share a room, people might talk.
 What if my room has a claw-foot bathtub?
 Look, I appreciate the effort, but I'm still unclear how this trip is supposed to be enjoyable for me.
 Vintage? Be specific.
 Wow. I'm feeling the urge to hug you. And one, and two, all right, Gollum, we're good.
 Howard, which pocket watch will you be wearing for dinner on the train?
 Oh, I'm afraid if we wear the same pocket watch, it will be embarrassing.
 Oh, my. Well, then my apologies for bringing up this sore spot.
 It's magnificent. This is going to be the best Valentine's Day ever.
 I'm prepared to say I love it, as soon as I confirm there are no hobos aboard.
 Uh, I do. Uh, does this train car have the original link-and-pin coupler or the Miller Hook and Platform?
 Oh, of course. Um, is the seafood risotto being served on a train car with the original link-and-pin coupler or the Miller Hook and Platform?
 Get out of town.
 Do another one, do another one.
 It's like there's a train in your mouth. Howard
 How many trains have you been on?
 Wow. Your life's amazing.
 You're right. That was insensitive of me. I have to go back to my table now. You should join us.
 Trick question. There never was one.
 What?
 In what world is a four-four-six-four a four-ten-four?
 I may never stop thinking about it. Amy, what are the odds we run into this guy?
 I never want this day to end.
 Come on.
 The conductor and I have the same pocket watch.
 Dare I say loco? Oh, and, Amy, guess what? The conductor said as soon as he gets off work, he can come back to the bed and breakfast and play his banjo for us.
 Excuse me. I think you're being a little rude.
 How is that possible? I've hardly spoken to you since we got on the train.
 I get it.
 What is your problem?
 Oh, really? Because I remember you saying that this trip was going to be something we could both enjoy. Did you mean that, or were you just trying to trick me?
 Well, if you want romance, then let's have romance. Oh, look, there's wine. Mmm. Grape juice that burns. Uh, now let's gaze into each other's eyes, hmm? You blinked. I win.
 Let's see. What's next? Oh, kissing's romantic.
 Good. Um, the conductor said if I come back to the engine room, he'd show me how to bring the train through a crossing.
 Do you want to come with me?
 Hello.
 It was wonderful.
 I made a new friend who likes trains as much as I do, uh, I kissed Amy on the lips, and, uh, the conductor played his banjo for me. Good night.
 Oh, well, my new friend's name was Eric. Um, Amy lips tasted like the brownie we had for dessert. Oh, and the banjo-playing conductor was missing a finger, but he made up for it with his can-do attitude.
 Hmm. It never occurred to me to pick a favourite.
 I can't answer that without collecting additional data.
 I'm not sure how listening to other nine-fingered banjo players makes me dog, but all right.
 Yeah, she's right. You're grown men, the kind who are perfectly capable of growing your own moo-staches.
 You'll get 'em next time.
 No one is running anywhere. We're not getting a dining room table.
 Do you want the long answer or the short answer?
 Chaos theory suggests that even in a deterministic system, if the equations describing its behaviour are non-linear, a tiny change in the initial conditions can lead to a cataclysmic and unpredictable result.
 You know, I'd love to, but, um, I'm too busy falling back in love with Windows 98.
 I can't talk right now, I have several thousand updates to install.
 Think of me as Arthur Dent in Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, lying in front of the bulldozers to protect his home.
 It's a made-up story, Leonard, I don't even know why you're talking about it.
 You, how can you say that? You show me one thing in here we can live without.
 Wait. Is this really worth it? We've lived together for years with nary an argument.
 But we start talking about a table, and suddenly we're at each other's throats.
 Well, that means not one, or not any. Maybe instead of a table, you should buy a dictionary. Well, I don't know if I won that, but at least he's upset.
 My spot on the couch has a great view of a window. Sometimes I can see space battles through it. It's called a TV.
 You're absolutely right. Nope.
 So, when can we get rid of it?
 What about the roommate agreement? It specifically states that any changes in furnishing have to be approved by the Furnishing Committee. Which only sits on alternate years. Yeah, and by the way, it sits over there.
 Okay. I think we've found the problem here. It's not the table at all. It's you.
 I have spent years turning this lump of clay into an acceptable conduit for my will, and then you came along and reshaped him, with your newfangled ideas and your fancy genitals.
 That's not true.
 She told you?
 You're right. Without realizing it, I've allowed that woman to alter my personality.
 No. No, I've changed. Like the frog who's put in a pot of water that's heated so gradually he doesn't realize he's boiling to death.
 Excuse me. I have to break up with my girlfriend.
 No. You've opened my eyes to the truth. Amy has made me a more affectionate, open-minded person. And that stops now.
 Amy?  Amy? Amy? I'll get right to the point. I think we need to end this relationship, so just sign this with your finger, and, uh, please don't cry on my iPad, I didn't get AppleCare.
 At the bottom. I must say, I'm relieved you're not making more of a scene out of this.
 It doesn't?
 Wait, wait, now, hang on. You think he manipulates me?
 It is hideous.
 Wait. You were really gonna stand by me against the dining room table?
 Wait. How do I know that you're not manipulating me right now?
 How do I know you're not saying that as part of the manipulation?
 Okay. I'm sorry I gave you such a hard time, I just had to be sure.
 Hello.
 No. Sorry to disappoint you, but Amy pointed out that you were only trying to manipulate me.
 Which I also figured out by myself.
 Yeah, okay, you can stop trying to make this about our relationship.
 Which is stronger than ever. This is about you trying to change my environment, which was perfect the way it was.
 Um.
 I don't need to explain myself to you!
 Keep the table. We don't use that space.
 No, thanks. We're fine. I mean, if you people want to eat at the table, then that's what you should do. I like eating down here because this is how we've always done things. But if those days are gone, they're gone. It just makes me sad.
 Well, isn't this nice. Sometimes the baby wins.
 How about Penny's depressing acting career?
 She does. 42 minutes in.
 I have an eidetic memory. I don't know what his problem is.
 Am I missing something, or isn't that the part she was born to play?
 Are you sure? We were making fun of failed careers. We didn't get to tap the juicy vein that is Howard's.
 Yes, and Hawkeye's in the Avengers, but no one ever says help, Hawkeye.
 Well, with that sorted out, I'm happy to answer your question, Bernadette. Howard started it.
 I wasn't referring to this evening. Ten years ago, upon first seeing me, your husband claimed that I looked like C-3PO and Pee-wee Herman. And he called me C-3P-wee Herman.
 Nine years, 11 months and three weeks ago, he followed that up by replacing the slides for my lecture with photographs of nude fat women bending over.
 In any event, that began a decade-long progression of insults, pranks and unwanted magazine subscriptions. To this day, I still get a monthly copy of Granny on Granny. Which, other than its surprisingly fun puzzle page, is complete filth.
 Hello.
 Really? I was thinking what we have now is a bit much.
 Very well. How do you propose we move forward?
 That's a great idea. And in the spirit of our new arrangement, I will mask my surprise that you came up with it.
 I have one question. Is this a prank where we land in Houston and you've made up wanted posters that have my face with a moustache and a Spanish name and then I get arrested and deported to South America?
 I'm glad because I would not have seen that coming.
 Thanks again for taking me to the pharmacy.
 Oh, I'm fine. It's just some, uh, stomach medication for my trip. There's the remote yet distinct possibility that I may end up in South America.
 Remember the old days when I used to point out that your check engine light was on?
 Well, get ready to stroll down memory lane. Penny, your check engine…
 Maybe it's just something minor. Ooh, good news, the light just went out.
 Oh, in that case, I'd like to be partnered with my good friend Howard.
 Leonard, would you wrap it up? We're waiting on you.
 It is. You were wrong, friend Howard. She completely understood.
 Hello.
 Oh, very much so.
 Oh, who's the real astronaut?
 Oh. Yay.
 Howard? Howard? Howard?
 I have to go to the bathroom.
 But I didn't use it because it didn't seem safe. Despite all my e-mails, the toilet didn't have a seatbelt.
 I realize that, but safety concerns went out the window two apple juices ago.
 Why are you getting annoyed?
 Like when?
 Well, truth be told, as a child, I did dream of going to space. Those astronauts were my heroes. And when you got to go, it was hard for me.
 Because it made me realize they'll just send anyone up there. Aren't you going to let me out?
 But I still need to use the bathroom.
 No, turbulence is just the equalization of diurnal temperature variations in the atmosphere. I'm not scared at all. Oh, apple juice, stay where you are.
 I take it back. I'm scared of turbulence!
 I'm sorry for every mean thing I ever did or said to you.
 If you weren't my friend, there'd be a hole in my life.
 Kind of like when Firefly was cancelled. But not as big.
 Yeah.
 In a minute.
 Thank you for my bobble head.
 It wasn't easy. Was it Buzz?
 I already am. I'm bringing the gift of knowledge.
 Despite what her Bible says, recent archaeological studies indicate that although camels are referenced in the Old Testament, they didn't exist in the Middle East until hundreds of years later.
 But if we show up and you're holding them, she'll think they're only from you.
 Yes, but now that I've seen what the gift of me with flowers and pie looks like, there's no going back. Boy, I can't wait to see the look on her face. We're leaving right now.
 Nothing.
 I saw my mommy with a naked man and she was trying to be a mommy again.
 I'm not nearly drunk enough. Okay. Do you have any idea what it's like to see your mother ravaging someone?
 No. I wanted to surprise her. What am I supposed to say to her after something like this?
 No.
 I have to. How can we ever hope to have a healthy relationship if I don't tell her how disappointed I am, and that I'll never forgive her?
 No, I'm just going to tell her I'm coming so she can give that good time Charlie the heave-ho.
 Yeah, maybe you better, I took a pretty big sip.
 I beg to differ. I used to live in those genitals. And if someone wants to move into my old room, I should at least get a vote.
 Okay, let's do this.
 You, aren't you gonna come with me?
 Mother?  Mother? Mother?
 I saw you having naked sex.
 Earlier, I came here to surprise you. I looked in the window and I saw you with a man.
 Can you recommend a surface you haven't had coitus on?
 Who was he?
 How long have you been involved with him?
 And of those few months, how long have you been a demented sex pervert?
 Perhaps not. But it is a way to speak to a woman who quoted the Bible to me my whole life, and then desecrates one of Ethan Allen's finest sofas.
 Or what?
 That's ridiculous. I am a grown man. I am a professional scientist. And I currently occupy the moral high ground.
 But I occupy the moral high ground.
 But I'm a professional scientist.
 I'm a grown man.
 Apparently any man is welcome in this house. Why not you? I thought you were waiting in the car.
 No. I'm not sure how we're going to get past this.
 Howard, we've all seen your mother naked. That woman needs to learn how to tie a robe.
 I didn't know she did.
 What did you do?
 I'm sorry. Although, based on your story, you absolutely were the reason why.
 You may have a point. I love my mother. Even if she fornicates like a demonic weasel.
 Hello.
 I am.
 I think what most upsets me about it, Mother, is the hypocrisy. Doesn't this contradict all the religious rules you've been espousing your whole life?
 Then why are you doing it?
 Well, this is confusing for me. But I don't want to stand in the way of your happiness. So, I'll condemn you internally while maintaining an outward appearance of acceptance.
 Mother, if you're going to conduct your life in this fashion, then I should let you know that the world has changed since you were a young woman. You know, it's not all sock hops, soda jerks and segregation anymore.
 My point is that you're going to need to be careful. You used to be protected by your pre-Enlightenment mythology, but now you're going to need a stronger friend named latex.
 Well, someone has to.
 No, don't look to Him. He's mad at you right now.
 Boy, do I have to urinate.
 Seriously. I feel like I've got a fish tank in my pelvis.
 I can't.
 Because I'm trying to decide between getting an Xbox One or a PS4. Oh, pee, why'd I say that?
 I'm not being stupid. I'm employing the work of Dutch researcher, Mirjam Tuk, who found that people with full bladders make better decisions.
 Here come the waterworks.
 So, first there was PlayStation, aka PS1, then PS2, PS3 and now PS4. And that makes sense. You'd think after Xbox, there'd be Xbox 2. But no, next came Xbox 360. Hmm? And now, after 360, comes Xbox One. Why one? Maybe that's how many seconds of thought they put into naming it.
 You know, however, with the Xbox One, I can control my entire entertainment system using voice commands. Up until now, I've had to use Leonard.
 Get? Hang on. I don't feel like you're taking this dilemma seriously.
 Okay, now, the PS4 is more angular and sleek-looking.
 Yeah, well, it's true. But the larger size of the Xbox One may keep it from overheating.
 No, see? Well, you absolutely would not. And furthermore, the Xbox One now comes with a Kinect included.
 Yes. Not sold separately. Although the PS4 uses cool new GDDR5 RAM, while the Xbox One is still using the conventional DDR3 memory.
 See? That's what I thought. But then they go and throw in an ESRAM buffer.
 Xbox.
 No, I am not. And this ESRAM buffer should totally bridge the 100-gigabit-per-second bandwidth gap between the two RAM types.
You see? I don't know. What should I do?
 Thank you again for dinner.
 Good night.
 Oh, of course. Did I mention the PS4 controllers light up?
 Well, they do.
 Quick poll, PS4 or Xbox One? Raj?
 Penny?
 Leonard?
 Wolowitz?
 Bernadette?
 Thanks, Grandma.
 You know, I'm proud of me, too. I've done all my research, I conducted an informal poll, and I've arrived at the rock-solid certainty I've made the right choice.
 Oh, it is. Although.
 I had the same feeling when I made my dad buy a Betamax instead of a VHS.
 Yeah, a little kid who picked the wrong format to record The MacNeil/Lehrer Report. Now I also was certain that HD DVD would win out over Blu-ray.
 Old enough to know better. You know, and now that I think about it, I stood in front of a case of iPods and I bought a Zune.
 Yeah, exactly. It's an MP3 player brought to us by the makers of Xbox.
 But what if I'm wrong?
 You know I only have one slot available in my entertainment centre.
 Well, yeah, okay, sure. But which one?
 Interesting.
 All right, I'll try.
 A quarter.
 On the one hand, the Xbox One has a better camera, but the PS4 has a removable hard drive. Thoughts?
 But I haven't decided yet.
 Okay.
 I don't know. Hey, look, a quarter.
 Meh.
 Maybe it's because I'm not an elitist. What I'd like to know is, how does this gravity wave breakthrough help the man on the street? You know? Who's looking out for Joe six-pack and all his quantum physics concerns?
 Why would I be jealous?
 Yeah, well, I've had a lot on my plate. We happen to live in a golden age of television.
 Really? Did they find evidence to support extra dimensions or supersymmetry?
 Why would you do that? You're a string theorist as well.
 Do you think he's right? Am I wasting my life on a theory that can never be proven?
 I couldn't sleep.
 No, that's not it.
 Yes, but you wouldn't understand.
 All right. I've devoted the prime of my life to string theory and its quest for the compactification of extra dimensions. I've got nothing to show for it, and I feel like a fool.
 You mean your acting career?
 Your relationship with Leonard?
 Your failed attempt to go back to college?
 I said Leonard, you said no.
 Okay. Well, what do you do?
 I don't know if I can do that.
 Break it off, shake hands, walk away.
 Gentlemen, is anybody interested in my old string theory books?
 I am. Yeah, Penny pointed out that what I'm going through is essentially a breakup. And according to Cosmopolitan magazine, one of the most effective techniques for moving on is to get rid of all reminders of the relationship.
 Yes. As it turns out, there's an article on how to get over a breakup in literally every issue. Anyway, it suggests that I set these on fire, but the smell of burning books reminds me of church picnics in East Texas.
 Oh, that's just a doodle of a hyperelliptic Riemann surface.
 It was. This seemed so elegant at the time, but now I realize I was just a simple country boy seduced by a big city theory with variables in all the right places.
 I know. As hard as this is, I have to move on. I can't keep postulating multidimensional entities and get nothing in return. I have needs, too.
 The magazine articles suggest that one of the ways to get over a breakup is a new look.
 You stop it.
 Oh, how about Bill Gates meets Nikola Tesla?
 Oh, I'm in your hands. Do a good job and I'll tell you Cosmo's ten dynamite tips to enjoy your PMS.
 Oh, there are so many exciting areas. Black holes, dark matter.
 Don't feel bad. Neither does he.
 Have you ever even seen a picture of Tesla?
 I suppose I could see myself in a scientific boy band. Of course, I'd be the dreamy one and the smart one.
 She's right. I'm too hot.
 Oh, looking through my textbooks for a new field of inquiry. Why do we have a geology book? Leonard, did you throw a children's party while I was in Texas?
 Let me put this in a way you'll understand, Penny. You remember how you explained to me that the Kardashians aren't real celebrities? Well, geology is the Kardashians of science.
 Have you considered studying standard model physics?
 You want me to give up string theory for something that's less advanced? You know, why don't you break up with Penny and start dating a brown bear?
 Oh, please. If I wanted to take up a fad, I'd get a tramp stamp.
 Oh, Duchess, look at me. My quantum gravity's positively loopy.
 That's actually not bad advice. You know, I didn't seek out string theory. It just hit me over the head one day.
 A bully chased me through the school library and hit me over the head with the biggest book he could find.
 Ah, normally I refrain from alcohol, but since my cerebral cortex is twiddling its proverbial thumbs, why not soak it in grape juice that's been predigested by a fungus?
 No more than Penny.
 Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Empty room. Empty room. Empty room. If somebody says come in, I'm gonna freak out.
 Oh, no. What have I done?
 Not so good.
 It's not my friend. Nothing happened.
 Oh, dear Lord. Where's Amy?
 Oh. I should call her and apologize. Oh, no.
 Apparently, I called Stephen Hawking last night.
 Hawkman. It's your old buddy Sheldonoscopy. How come you didn't pick up the phone? Oh, right. My bad.
 Not really. I had a bit of an embarrassing evening.
 I drank alcohol and may have left an unfortunate voice mail for Stephen Hawking.
 Oh, I hope so. What happened to you last night?
 Well, you know, I've always been a fan of a story told by Attar of Nishapur, about a king who assembled a group of wise men to create a ring that would make him happy when he was sad. And that ring was inscribed with the phrase, this too shall pass.
 Clogzilla. That's pretty funny. I don't think that's gonna pass.
 It's me again. I gave up string theory. You should give up black holes, and we can totally solve crimes together.
 Do you know what's great? Geology. Oh. Look at this geode. That's fun to say. Gee-ode. Gee-ode.
 Gee-ode. Gee-ode. I kiss girls now.
 Hey, guess who I am. Beep bop boop bop. I'm you. Get it?
 Are you mad at me? Oh, no, you're mad at me. I'm so sorry. Beep bop boop bop.
 Thiospinel sulfide. Thiospinel sulfide. That's even more fun than gee-ode. Hey, did you see The Lego Movie?
 Leonard, I could use your assistance.
 Well, now that I've given up string theory, I'm struggling to find my next area of focus. So, in your professional opinion, which of these areas do you think is the most promising?
 That's helpful. Okay. Of these four areas…
 It is just so frustrating.
 All right. I officially reinstate Anything Can Happen Thursday.
 I don't know. What do you want to do?
 Hmm, what can we do that's fun?
 Oh, got it. We order a pizza.
 You're right. You're right. Got it. We order calzones, cut them open, eat them like pizza. All right, all right, I'll shake the brain bush one more time, see what falls out. Got it. There's a live-action role-playing group that meets every Thursday night in Griffith Park and re-enacts battles from Lord of the Rings.
 Any chance that restaurant is near Griffith Park?
 All right.
 Amy's sick.
 Well, she talks a lot. She always wants to hold hands.
 Well, if you were referring to her illness your question should have been, what ails her?
 Oh. Who knows?
 So, we're just randomly choosing a restaurant without researching it online?
 Great. You know, this is how Anything Can Happen Thursday turns into It Won't Stop Coming Up Friday.
 Fusion and Asians? I'm trying not to think about science.
 And Amy doesn't look sick.
 That's a good question. Amy and Bernadette. Amy and Bernadette. Amy and Bernadette. Why did you lie to us?
 And Amy, you told me you were sick, but you look just as pale and tired as always.
 Where are we going?
 Okay. ‘Cause if I had to pick now, I'd probably go with dark matter because…
 I don't understand my food. Chinese noodles with Korean barbecue in a taco.
 My mother would lock her car doors if she had to drive through this hodgepodge of ethnicity.
 Not at all.
 But to be fair, when you talk, most of what you say sounds like, wah, wah, wah, clothes, wah, wah, wah.
 I am. So much so that I'm gonna bring her here for dinner on our next date night.
 Penny, there's only one cookie with something in the middle that solves life's problems, and that's an Oreo. Or a Nutter Butter, if you're in a pinch.
 This is Asian fusion. For all you know, there's a tiny Chihuahua in here.
 No, it's not.
 Turn to you for wisdom? Clearly, that cookie is mocking you. You'd never hear that kind of sass from a Nutter Butter.
 Have you ever paid for a meal?
 Your warm and fun-loving nature delights those around you.
 You can't be serious. If I wanted to waste my time on nonsense, I'd follow Leonard on Instagram.
 Oh. That's a lot of incense. Or someone set a hippie on fire.
 I don't mean to be rude or discourteous, but before we begin, I'd just like to say there is absolutely no scientific evidence to support clairvoyance of any kind. Which means, and again, no insult intended, that you're a fraud, your profession is a swindle, and, uh, your livelihood is dependent on the gullibility of stupid people. Again, no offence.
 Okay, I just did. What was it?
 For your information, I was asking her about the next Star Trek movie.
 That's an easy guess. I'm clearly an annoying person and have problems with both genders.
 The majority of people have dark hair. Even you, at one time.
 Ha. The opposite. She's a neurobiologist, and I'm a theoretical physicist. My spirit guides can go suck an egg.
 You know what this is? Yeah, and I reserve this word for those rare instances when it's truly deserved. This is malarkey.
 Hello. I didn't expect you this evening.
 And how do you propose to do that? Unless you have Gravity on Blu-ray under that skirt, I don't know where you're going with this.
 Gentlemen, Star Wars Day is rapidly approaching. We should finalize our plans.
 Get it?
 Come in.
 Yes. Actually, I'm glad you're here. I'm working on the Star Wars Day schedule. Now, I have a window built in after Phantom Menace for complaining, but I'm worried an hour won't be enough time.
 What is it?
 Professor Proton is dead?
 What are you doing?
 Your heart might be in the right place, but your head, chest and arms certainly aren't.
 But, that's Star Wars Day.
 I'm fine.
 Hmm. Yes. Look at him, Amy. It's such a shame. Struck down in the prime of my life.
 Oh, I'm not going to the funeral.
 All those people blowing their noses. You can't tell the sick from the sad. Mm. I'll be at home celebrating Star Wars Day, as planned.
 Amy, mourning the inevitable is a complete waste of time.
 If we were in a physical relationship, you just lost sex tonight.
 Uh, no, thank you.
 I'm fine.
 Oh, I appreciate the offer, but Arthur is gone and there's nothing I can do about it. When Darth Vader struck down Obi-Wan, did Luke cry like a baby and go to his funeral?
 Arthur Jeffries was a scientist. I'm sure he didn't care about silly superstitions like funerals. You know, if he were here, I think he'd say enjoy Star Wars Day.
 Okay, here we go. Episode I
 Howard, I think you of all people should avoid espousing the principle that if something is not our favourite we should just get rid of it.
 Get rid of the trade route part? Then how would Palpatine get Chancellor Valorum kicked out of office? How would he get himself elected? How? Can we get through one holiday without you saying something ridiculous?
 Well, you know what else was just a suggestion? Why don't we change the Raisin Bran box? Hmm? And you know who got hurt by that? Every single person who eats breakfast.
 Look at Arthur, cracking up at a joke I told him. I'll never hear that laugh again.
 Arthur. I thought you were dead.
 Why are you here?
 I know why. You've come to me because you're my Obi-Wan.
 Wow. Uh, you're dead, so I'm going to let that slide. Obi-Wan Kenobi is a character from Star Wars. After his physical demise, he comes to Luke Skywalker as his mentor in spirit form.
 You must be here to give me advice.
 Those are your Jedi robes.
 Be careful with that.
 This is the swampland of Dagobah. It's where Luke was trained in the ways of the Jedi.
 When Obi-Wan came to Luke on this very spot, he gave him all sorts of helpful advice. So, um, what do you got for me?
 That's it? I thought there'd be more of a reason why you're here.
 I suppose it has something to do with your recent passing.
 Oh, no. No. I've already had to say good-bye to 11 Dr. Whos.
 Of course, my grandfather died when I was five. My father died when I was 14.
 And now you're gone, too. It's like all the men I've looked up to have gone away.
 But I do appreciate them.
 I'm okay. How was the funeral?
 I do. After I make them go back and watch one through five first.
 That's true. Oh, it's a good thing I had a nap.
 Wow. A Death Star cake.
 You're back.
 That's nice.
 Why do I need you now?
 So?
 Not at all.
 I know. Let's go see the new Spider-Man movie.
 I thought that subject had run its course, so I changed it. It's called reading the room, Amy.
 Ah, very good. Because a gorilla go-go dancer of any sexual preference would be out of place in a film about the Holocaust.
 I know.
 Thanks for coming with me.
 I brought my own. No sense in risking bridge-of-nose herpes.
 Well, until they invent nose condoms, I'm not finding out.
 Oh, yes, you're the dermatologist. I went for a walk yesterday without sunscreen. Do you see anything on my forehead that I should be concerned about?
 That was awkward, right?
 Is it because she's dating you but was out with that other fellow?
 Good. I thought she saw something on my forehead.
 Oh, quite all right. After my forehead melanoma scare I've learned not to sweat the small stuff. Well, sorry, I don't have all the ingredients to make chai tea.
 No, I do. You're upset about Emily and you're Indian. I need to make you chai tea. Now, I have all the ingredients except cardamom seeds. Do you happen to have any on you?
 Oh, I'll make English breakfast tea. They destroyed your culture. That's close enough. You know, I'm curious, why are you so upset about seeing Emily with another man?
 Can't happen. We have an ironclad relationship agreement which precludes her from physical contact with anyone other than me.
 Slick, huh?
 Have you had intercourse?
 Well, stick to your guns. There will be a lot of pressure.
 An interesting question. Well, good night.
 That's your problem. You can't be alone.
 How many women have you had dates with?
 How many of those women did you think would become your perfect companion?
 Sure.
 Well, now do you see the problem?
 I was trying to suggest chemical castration, but it's my bedtime, so whatever gets you out the door. Good night.
 So, who's watching her now?
 Hello.
 I just got called into President Siebert's office. The university won't let me switch my field of study to inflationary cosmology. They're forcing me to continue with string theory.
 He said it's why they hired me, it's, it's what my grant was designated for, and that everybody has to do things they don't want to do. He then gave an example of something he had to do, even though he didn't want to, which was look at my stupid face.
 It's an outrage. Honestly, I'm tempted to leave the university.
 I don't know. I am really aggravated.
 I'm writing an appeal to the Faculty Senate, so that I can move on from string theory.
 You tell me. Dear Esteemed Colleagues, as you may know, I have requested to change my field of study. My decision to do so is, I believe, in the best interest of science. At your convenience, I'd be happy to explain it to you in words you'll understand.
 You're right. I'll take that out.
 Mm.
 Of course. She's spent many nights here, and you're worried about preserving the myth of her virginity before the wedding.
 Good, because not only has that ship sailed, if it hit an iceberg, countless men would perish.
 What do you mean?
 Oh, yeah, well, I've already given this some thought, and I'm willing to let Penny live with us one day a week for a trial period. Now, obviously, not when she's made cranky by the shedding of her uterine lining.
 I don't understand. How could we all live together if I'm not there?
 Where are you going to go?
 Move across the hall? Did you take a marijuana?
 Did you get hit on the head with a coconut?
 Well, then, I'm all out of guesses. What? Me move across the hall. Why would you even suggest such a thing?
 I see. You're putting your future bride's happiness above mine.
 Wow.
 How dare the university force me to go back to string theory?
 Yeah, and on top of that, Leonard has the audacity to suggest that now that he and Penny are engaged, he may not want to live with me any more.
 I have real problems here, Amy. I can't be mollified with a beverage designed for children. Mmm, yummy.
 Ugh, it's like walking into the Amazon. And not the good Amazon with one-day shipping. The awful one with birds and snakes.
 Four keys! Who does he think he is, a warden?
 I don't know. Perhaps.
 You and… oh, sure, and while we're at it, why don't we get engaged, too? Why don't we get a little house, start a family? Enjoy our sunset years together? Do you hear yourself, woman?
 No. Here's a thought. You're not moving in, Leonard's not moving out, everything stays exactly the way it is. And by the way, I saw you make this Strawberry Quik with syrup, you're supposed to use the powder.
 No. The syrup tastes better and I don't like it.
 No.
 What happened?
 And you couldn't put it out?
 So when will you reopen?
 So, tomorrow?
 Your life? The university is making me do string theory and my girlfriend loves me so much she wants to live with me. And now, the place I need to go when I'm sad is damp and smells funny.
 No. I do not accept this. Everything is changing and I hate it. It stops now. I'm helping you get back on your feet. I would like to purchase this comic book, please.
 Really? It's soaking wet.
 Can you break a twenty?
 You know what? I don't always recognize sarcasm, but I do right now, and I don't appreciate it. I'm sorry for your loss. But you're not the only one whose day has been a disaster.
 You tracked my phone?
 Boy, you chase one balloon for three miles.
 Don't be melodramatic. I'm just getting on a train and leaving forever.
 My plan is to stop at malls and buy what I need. It's called living off the land.
 No. I've reached my breaking point. I need to leave. Now.
 It doesn't matter.
 I suppose it is. Except I have a credit card. And I refuse to carry my laptop at the end of a stick. And I'd sooner die than eat beans out of a can.
 Legoland is not the solution to everything. And it's too much of a scene since that movie came out.
 Leonard, I am overwhelmed. Everything is changing and it's simply too much. I need to get away and think.
 Good Lord. Padawan's the student, not the teacher.
 I do.
 I will.
 Yes?
 Of course you are.

