I’m proud of you.
Come on, you can talk to girls now. It shouldn’t
be hard for you to meet someone new.
Oh, will you stop it. Now, listen to me, there’s
a welcome party for incoming post-docs tonight. Go to it
and meet someone who isn’t made of grease or pie.
Look, Bernie’s at a neuroscience conference with Amy, I’ll go
with you.
Of course. You’re my friend. I want you to be
happy.
How’d it go?
Check it out. Mrs. Davis from Human Resources is here.
She’s probably on the lookout for sexual harassment.
I heard her husband left her for a hot, young
undergrad.
Mrs. Davis, nice to see you.
It was better when you couldn’t talk to women.
Looks like she accepted your apology.
Oh, please, you did not have a moment.
Okay, fine. Let’s say there was a moment.
There wasn’t. But, but even if there was, what are
you gonna do about it?
So nothing.
What were they thinking, putting Doctor Octopus’s mind in Spider-Man’s
body?
Both versions
I’m sorry, I’ve been kind of snippy lately. It’s probably
this stupid diet I’m on.
I’ve put on a couple pounds. Had to buy these
pants in the men’s section.
Hey.
You’re kidding, right? I mean, you know I’m trying to
lose weight. God, I thought we were partners in this
marriage.
Really? Tell that to the bathroom scale, because one of
you is lying.
Awful. I had to rub her ointment all over her
again.
Because we’ve got a deeply unhealthy relationship. Which reminds me,
do you think you can get any samples of this
from work? This was supposed to last her a month,
but they didn’t take into account the square footage of
her back.
I don’t know. Few weeks. Why?
Like these swollen sausages could fit in gloves.
You’re full of oestrogen and you don’t act like that.
Fine. I’ll wear gloves next time.
I feel so stupid. And fat.
Sex? Really? I mean, that’s just your solution to everything.
Thanks for coming over.
Yeah, that’s cucumber and cream cheese. That’s turkey and loganberry.
And don’t tell my hips, but I’m warming up a
brie in the oven.
Okay, well, I’ve been reading up on all the side
effects you can get from oestrogen, and, I need you
to be honest with me. Do my boobs look bigger
to you?
Come on, Raj, it’s a yes or no question.
Seriously?
Fine.
Yeah, they kind of do.
Hey, easy, my nipples are sensitive.
Okay, let me feel. No, I am definitely up a
cup size.
You think?
Thank you. I really needed to hear that today. Ooh,
brie’s ready.
That’s so great. If you guys prove the existence of
Unruh radiation… Hey, hey, hey, hey. My eyes are up
here.
Stop it.
I said, stop it. Now, listen to me. You two
aren’t just friends. You’re best friends. And that’s a beautiful
thing. I mean, Leonard, you know why he’s so mad
at you? It’s because he missed you. Yeah, and as
his friend, you should be happy he has love in
his life. As I do. This man held my breast
the other day and I love him for it.
So, can we please put aside these petty differences and
just be glad we’re here together?
Thank you.
Can’t believe we forgot to tell him.
Whoa, whoa, we’re not that sorry.
Hallelujah.
Why?
Oh, I loved those. I did them every year there.
Oh, that’s cute. Like it’s a real college.
And Princeton.
Let’s do it.
Yes, to be fair, do people who went to Princeton
get a head start?
Wow, you’re really good at puzzles.
If it makes you feel any better, my mom’s just
full of pound cake.
Have you ever played a game with Bernadette?
Have you ever gone into a steel cage with a
wolverine?
It’s the comic book store. Let’s go.
Huh, I guess you’re right. Wonder why that is?
Yeah. You know, I bet you and I have more
in common than we think.
I don’t know. Tell me some things you like.
Hey, how about some music?
Find something you like.
Yeah, I love Neil Diamond.
Sweet Caroline, bum-ba-da, good times never seemed so good, so
good, so good, so good. I’ve been inclined…
Riddle me this. Arrah, Arrah, and gather round, the work
of this hero is legion-bound. He multiplies N by the
number of He, and in this room the thing you’ll
see.
Hey, you know what this could mean.
That’s it.
On the boats and on the planes.
Never looking back again.
They’re coming to America, They’re coming to America.
Today! Today!
Love on the rocks.
Just pour me a drink.
Let’s go.
Hey, she got the way to move me, Cherry,
Cherry, baby
She got the way to groove me. She got the
way to move me.
Cherry
She got the way to groove me, yeah!
Halle Berry. Why?
Because her life wasn’t enough?
Aw!
Hey, wait a minute. No, the Nazis were digging in
the wrong place. The only reason they got the ark
was because Indy found it first.
Aw!
Leonard, you ready for lunch?
Hi, Penny.
Wow. Sex at work?
Sorry.
Damn. How’d you swing that?
Seriously?
You sound kind of proud of it.
Yeah. I guess I was just thinking about my mom,
and how sad my childhood was.
How about I take a bath with you and see
what happens.
That’s it? No compassion?
Bernie…
I’m sharing my pain.
I’m learning to be a man in a culture where
it’s increasingly difficult to know how?
I’m copying Leonard. When he does this to Penny, they
have sex and watch Monty Python.
I know. It was dumb, I shouldn’t have done it.
And it’s making me feel sad. So sad. You know,
why don’t you take a bath? I’ll do the dishes.
Wait, wait, if it wasn’t for Indiana Jones, the ark
would never have ended up at the warehouse.
Yeah!
Aw!
Are you crazy? You don’t want your girlfriend at work
with you. Hell Clam.
Would you please tell him this isn’t a good idea?
I’m just saying, I’d never want to work with Bernadette.
Can you imagine seeing someone all day long and then
you’re supposed to hang out with them after work, too?
Yeah, I know, and it drove me into the arms
of another woman. Bipolar Bear.
No, no, listen to me. Sheldon misunderstood. What I meant
was, if we worked together, there’d be too much of
me for you, not the other way around.
Okay, fine. I did say that, and I think it’s
true. I think if we worked together and lived together,
we’d get sick of each other.
For the love of God, why?
It’s nothing in particular. I…
My arm is feeling numb.
My point is, I’m sure there are things about me
that would drive you crazy if you had to deal
with them all day long.
Oh, well, come on, where am I supposed to look
when I lie to you?
Bernie…
Please, stop talking.
I mean, you know, Sheldon, none of this would’ve happened
if I hadn’t tried to help you.
I don’t know. Sounds kind of heavy.
Ooh, shrimp was spicy.
You got the tropical fruit kind?
Tell me about it. One time, I swear I pooped
out a stick of chalk. I’ll get it.
Oh, hi.
Yeah, well, I didn’t handle it so great, either.
That’s not true.
Oh, wow. Yeah, no, I get that. I’m so sorry.
Starting tomorrow, I am turning over a new leaf. Time
with you is my number one priority.
Well, we’re real close to finishing off the new Batman
game.
Should I go after you?
Thanks for getting me in trouble.
Pull. Yeah!
Yeah!
Sorry we’re so late. Bernadette got stuck at work.
Wait, Maybe you want to wash your little raccoon hands
first.
Guys, listen up.
Next week is the anniversary of my first date with
Bernadette.
I want to do something special, and I was hoping
you guys could be a part of it.
Just putting something in the bank for what horrible thing
I do next.
Look, she’s gonna be back any second, so here’s the
deal. I’m writing a song, and I was hoping we
could all play it for her together.
Sheldon?
So I’m almost done writing the song for Bernadette. Are
you cool playing the cello?
Great. Will you play the ukulele?
Or you could just play your tiny, ridiculous guitar.
Seriously, congratulations, Sheldon.
So, what happens next?
Make sure you guys get to the restaurant by eight.
Bernadette’s meeting me there at eight thirty and I don’t
want to blow the surprise.
E-Ni-Ni-Ni-Ni-No.
No, I want this to be romantic.
I’m getting worried about Bernadette. I’m gonna call and check
on her.
Guys, there was an accident at Bernie’s lab.
Yeah, but she’s at the hospital in quarantine.
Oh, my God, Bernie, what happened?
You’re sure you’re okay?
Oh, don’t worry about it. I brought the date here.
Guys, come on in.
Well, tonight is the anniversary of our first date, and
I wanted to celebrate it by writing a song for
you.
If I didn’t have you, life would be blue, I’d
be Dr. Who without the TARDIS.
A candle without a wick, a Watson without a Crick,
I’d be one of my outfits without a dick-ie. I’d
be cheese without the mac, Jobs without the Wozniak, I’d
be solving exponential equations that use bases not found on
your calculator making it much harder to crack. I’d be
an atom without a bomb, a dot without the com,
and I’d probably still live with my mom.
Ever since I met you, you turned my world around.
You supported all my dreams and all my hopes. You’re
like uranium-235 and I’m uranium-238, almost inseparable isotopes. I couldn’t
have imagined how good my life would get from the
moment that I met you Bernadette.
If I didn’t have you life would be dreary, I’d
be string theory without any string. I’d be binary code
without a one, a cathode ray tube without an electron
gun. I’d be Firefly, Buffy and Avengers without Joss Whedon.
I’d speak a lot more Klingon, Heghlu’meH QaQ jajvam.
Ever since I met you, you turned my world around.
You’re my best friend and my lover. We’re like changing
electric and magnetic fields. You can’t have one without the
other. I couldn’t have imagined how good my life would
get from the moment that I met you, Bernadette.
Bernie’s having a girls’ night on Friday at our place.
You want to do something?
Doing what?
You’re going to girls’ night.
You know they’re making jewellery right?
Not his testosterone levels.
How is that possible?
You don’t want to read a paper by some old
has-been who hasn’t done any real science in decades.
It’s true, you’d rust.
Hello, everyone.
Nope. Bernadette told me it isn’t nice and I’m not
allowed.
So I won’t be making fun of you, or the
things you like, or the fact that you just want
to have fu-un.
Oh, that’s actually pretty nice.
You know, instead of beads and glue, you guys can
use my soldering iron. You’d be able to make much
cooler stuff.
Be right back.
Look who’s here to put the Jew in jewellery night.
Sorry we’re late. I wanted to swing by the lab
and pick up some even cooler tools for us to
use.
Well, last week was a blast. Plus, I thought you
might like having a guy here.
Everything we need to make jewellery moulds. Here’s some silver,
a crucible and an acetylene torch to melt it down.
Okay, who’s up first?
I was gonna make a necklace for my mom, but
unfortunately she doesn’t have a neck. She’s just chins and
fat and feet.
You know, if you guys are interested, there’s a technique
where I can take a lock of your hair, refine
it into carbon dust and use the hydraulic press at
work to turn it into a tiny little diamond with
your DNA in it.
Yeah. See Bernie’s engagement ring? That came right off my
mom’s back.
Whoa, where is that coming from?
How am I ruining anything? I’m just trying to help
you make better jewellery.
Since when can’t you open up with me?
Buddy, I was just joking around.
You’re right. I didn’t realize I was making you feel
that way. It was very brave of you to tell
me.
Oh, hey, buddy, what’s up?
You didn’t have to do that.
Wow, this is so cool. Thanks.
Wow.
So, you can never take it off?
So, you’re just an idiot?
Is the point that you’re an idiot?
And the man impersonating a bear would like everyone to
know that only you can prevent forest fires.
You didn’t have Smokey the Bear in India?
You had to be taught not to play with cobras?
Hey, what’re you working on?
That’s a pretty cool idea.
Sure.
You know, you could reimburse the video store owner’s next
of kin.
I believe this is yours.
You can’t let her know you’re hurting. You know, the
key is confidence.
Well, if I may, he has so little self-respect and
is so desperate for the smallest crumb of affection, she
could literally sleep with his own father in his own
bed and post the video to YouTube, and he’d still
buy her flowers and ask her to be his bride.
Hey.
Mmm. I’m gonna say not. That’s just based on me
trying to roll my mom over when she’s snoring. Speaking
of that big side of beef, uh, she’s invited all
of you to Thanksgiving at her house.
Come on, it’ll be fun.
Please? Bernadette’s bringing her dad because her mom’s out of
town, and I never have anything to say to that
guy.
Sheldon.
You just took it. At least let it reach your
first stomach. Hey, Mike. Let me help you out, there.
Oh, her gout’s flaring up. Turns out an apple pie
a day does not keep the doctor away.
Maybe because that little piggy is being crushed by the
barn. She should quiet down soon. I gave her enough
pain meds to choke a, well, her.
I have a better idea.
I was gonna make Raj do it all by himself.
Um, I don’t know. Probably in a wad in her
cheek.
He doesn’t want me in there. I’m the creepy little
guy who has sex with his daughter.
Does he?
Really?
So your wife’s in Arizona with the grandkids?
You know, my mom’s been to Arizona. She rode one
of those mules down in the Grand Canyon. Long story
short, they had to shoot it. Because she’s so fat.
I’ll get the door while you finish laughing. Hey, guys.
What’s with you?
Really? That dumb-ass she used to date? That’s hysterical.
You ever play football?
No. But I did get tackled in the hallway once.
The whole school cheered.
Sounds like Zack’s the victim. You’re sleeping with his wife.
Oh, I love a good blitz, especially with sour cream.
Get it? Because it sounds like blintz.
That’s why I sit.
Anyone need a beer?
Thank God.
Here you go.
I never had a beer with my dad, either.
Sheldon and your dad are bonding and completely ignoring me.
They’re drinking beer and watching football.
They don’t want me.
Well, Sheldon started talking about how his dad isn’t alive
any more, and they were toasting, and I tried to
tell them about how sad I was when my dad
abandoned…
Don’t worry about it.
Mike, that’s the nicest thing you’ve ever said to me.
I am cleaning up. Look at the mess the Joker
made of Gotham City.
Raj grew up in India. Trust me, he’s seen worse.
I promise I’ll help out the rest of the week.
Yeah, but if I told you a week, would you
have said yes?
Then you left me no choice.
I know, but they’re tenting his building. He can’t find
a hotel he likes that allows dogs.
For a whole week, the nerve of some people.
You’re gonna brush your teeth on my couch?
Why bother? She spends half the time licking her butt.
No, we were waiting for you.
Yeah. So what do you feel like making?
No, she always looks like that. Because she married an
idiot.
Well, I keep telling you to put that traffic app
on your phone.
I thought of you the whole time.
How do you know I didn’t do them?
Yeah, you’re gonna knock it out of the park.
Just go.
What are you doing? Are you trying to make me
look bad?
No, you’re being a better husband than I am. Doing
the dishes, getting coffee, knowing about her life, who does
that?
I don’t want coffee.
Give me that. Just stop showing me up.
Um, is this getting weird?
So, yes.
What are you talking about? Remember last week, when I
asked you if you were wearing Spanx and you weren’t?
How’s that different?
Yeah, well, maybe you could try being more like Raj.
Yeah, yeah. He packed me a lunch this morning. And
there was a note inside that said go get ’em.
I do know to go get ’em, but sometimes it’s
nice to have emotional support when I’m going and getting
them.
I don’t know. I guess I was just feeling like
I’m a lousy husband.
Are you kidding? You’re the best. I know what the
problem is. It’s him.
You made us feel like we’re not trying hard enough.
Oh, it does feel good to have you backing me
up for once.
That is not… he’s doing it again.
I’ve never done this before. It’s kind of fun.
Howdy.
Really? Sheldon not being here is the main reason I’m
in this room.
I’m gonna squirt chocolate milk out of my nipples. Sorry,
I thought we’re saying things that are never gonna happen.
Hope you’re thirsty, here it comes.
Fine, then go talk to her on your own.
She nailed it.
Doesn’t matter. Bernadette still would’ve been working at The Cheesecake
Factory, and I still would’ve been working this beefcake factory.
You would’ve been all over me.
Mm-hmm, chug-a-chug-a, yum, yum.
More.
I lived with her to save money.
Not exactly.
Well, things would be a little different.
I know you’re starving. The neighbours know you’re starving. There’s
starving people in Africa who know you’re starving.
Well, you cleaned out Earth. I don’t know what else
to do.
You didn’t let me finish. Here you go, Mother.
Eh, tomato, tomahto. The important thing is she’s dead.
You can say better. Sheldon can’t hear you.
Aw, he’s already taking after Uncle Shelly.
And chocolate milk is gonna squirt out of my nipples.
Oh, yeah
What’s your part?
If you’re really desperate to meet women and like having
food eaten out of your mouth, I could set you
up with my mom.
We’ll be there.
Really? I never for a second thought it’d be anything
else.
If you’re so intimidated by talking to attractive girls, maybe
you should practice by talking to regular people.
I’m serious. Go to the mall, talk to anybody, practice,
that way when you eventually do talk to a cute
girl, it won’t be so scary.
That stinks.
Where’s Sheldon?
Fake a laugh? Do you ever do that with me?
Well, I’d be able to tell anyway.
Please, I’ve made plenty of girls laugh, sometimes just by
asking them out. Yeah? Well, I fake my orgasms.
Star Wars audition, take one, starring Howard Joel Wolowitz, real-life
astronaut. Vader is here, now, on this moon. I felt
his presence. He’s come for me. He can feel when
I’m near…
I’m in the middle of something.
Anybody home?
Hi.
You’re both into rock?
Yeah, he’s nice because he likes you.
You know, if you’d rather skip lunch and hang out
with your boyfriend Bert, it’s totally okay.
Maybe the problem is he thinks you’re available. Does he
know you’re dating Sheldon?
There you go.
So, what is she doing today?
The mineral and rock show? That would be awful even
without Bert.
Oh, I’ve heard those words so many times. From Linda
Nosenchuck, Tammy Rosenworcel.
Marci Grossman, Lisa Mazzarino.
Tammy Cho.
Arlene Russel.
Poor Bert. That guy’s got a rough afternoon ahead of
him.
That’s how you reject a guy.
No, don’t.
You want us to talk to him?
Let’s go.
Of course we tell him she’s a lesbian.
Really, really sorry.
T-minus 60 seconds.
T Minus 45 seconds.
T-minus 30 seconds.
15 seconds.
Five, four, three, two, one.
Nope.
Refresh. Refresh. Refresh….
Refresh. Refresh. Refresh….
It’s been ten minutes. We’re running out of time.
Great.
Damn.
Really?
I can’t believe we’re not going.
Not the same Hulk. Ferrigno, Bana, Norton and Ruffalo.
Yeah.
I already found a guy online who’s willing to sell.
Sheldon, just come with us. You’re not gonna make your
own convention.
Oh, and I thought our days of pretending to be
with women who don’t exist were over.
And that’s where Darth Vader’s gonna pour soy sauce on
your head.
Okay, great. Bye. Our friendly neighbourhood scalper says he’s running
late.
What do you mean?
Why would someone want to make clothes out of your
skin?
Why do you think I told him to come to
your place?
I can text the guy and tell him we changed
our minds.
Okay. We’re officially not going to Comic-Con.
Do what?
No need. I’m breaking rules all the time.
Last night. Drank my Pepto straight out of the bottle.
Yeah. What about it?
He just parked. He’s on his way up.
Oh, no. I’d be an astronaut and a bad boy,
how will women keep their pants on?
Okay, you guys are such babies. I’ll handle this. If
he thinks we’re not home, he’ll go away.
I lied about the Pepto, I always use the little
cup.
Oh, God, I could really use exactly two tablespoons of
Pepto right now.
I’m sorry, what?
I don’t own a pocket watch.
Fun fact, I’m gonna jump off this train.
Okay. Just make it look like an accident.
A world I don’t want to live in. Seriously, I
no longer want to live in this world.
You okay?
Well, to be fair, they’re both weirdos.
I’m going to the Lego store to get a big-ass
R2-D2.
She’s right.
I had a little to do with it.
I am.
I love you so much.
Sorry.
There’s a car with a glass roof. Want to go
look at the stars?
I’m thinking about growing a goatee.
He said it.
Say what?
He said it.
Hey, how come we never get that option?
Check it out.
Yeah, I can control all sorts of stuff.
Not when I said mute and pointed it at her
face.
Well, that’s the last time I play with that. I
have to take this. Hello?
Okay. Thank you. We’ll be in touch. You’re not gonna
believe this.
That was NASA. They want me to go back up
to the space station.
I told them I’d be honoured.
And I’m gonna miss you, too.
Thank you.
Good news. Someone in this room gets to take a
ride on a rocket.
No, not that. Although you already agreed to it, so
no take-backs.
Sit down. NASA called. The telescope mount I installed on
the space station got damaged, and they want me to
go back up and fix it.
What do you think I said? I said yes. Why
do you look surprised?
Are you kidding? It was the greatest experience of my
life.
I think you have me confused with what’s gonna happen
when you get out of that shower.
But it got the way it was through change. The-the-the
spot that you love to sit in, that no one
else can sit in, only exists because, despite your objections.
I bought this couch. Me. So explain why that change
was bad and this change was good.
Hey, Bernie. I’m home. Hello.
What’s going on?
Um, okay. I know my mom’s not dead, there’d be
balloons.
Massimino? Why are you here?
Sure.
You don’t think I did a good job up there?
Fine, maybe I was a little scared.
You’re supposed to do that.
Hang on. That was just me joking around.
Come on, how is that not a joke? You got
to get me out of this. Shoot me in the
foot.
Okay, so I wasn’t exactly John Glenn up there, but
I’ve changed. I’m a different man now. Yeah, and I’m
a little insulted that you guys don’t think I can
handle it.
Really?
You’ve got to get me out of this.
Check my blood pressure again. I can get it higher.
just give me a second.
Hi, Ma. How are you?
Go, go, go.
Oh, me, too. I mean, the doctor was willing to
fudge the results, but it just seemed so darned dishonest.
Look, my blood pressure’s too high, okay? Drop it.
Went to space? I don’t think so. Now, pass the
soy sauce. Hey, not the green one, the red one.
You mean tings like moo-stache?
Hey, that’s my wife. If anyone’s gonna make her feel
gross about sex, it’s me.
Is that book called Lies I Tell to Get Sex?
Hey, I work at the same university you do.
I didn’t do anything. I was just sitting here.
The lecture was on cosmic gas clouds. That’s funny.
Hey.
Listen, I was thinking you and I could probably try
to be better friends.
Seriously, I was talking to Bernadette last night and she
made some great points. You and I have known each
other a long time, and I didn’t hear the rest
because she took her bra off.
Uh, for starters, we could stop insulting each other.
Anyway, I got invited to do a little talk at
NASA in Houston this weekend. They gave me two tickets.
Bernadette can’t go. You want to come with me? You
can visit your mom, and I’ll show you around the
space centre.
No.
I really don’t think we do tha…
Isn’t it a little late to get plane tick…
Will you please sto…
That’s Sheldon. He says he’ll be down in a minute.
Oh, he’s not coming out until he sees proof you
don’t have an air freshener in your car.
You’re the reason I’m doing it.
How do I know what you said? Damn you and
your noise-cancelling breasts.
Hey, buddy.
It’s not every day you get to tour NASA with
a real astronaut.
Buzz Aldrin.
What now?
You just went to the bathroom.
Well, it still doesn’t.
Fine.
I’m trying to be a better friend, but you constantly
say and do irritating things.
When? How about in the car? I’m an astronaut, and
you know it. You just don’t like admitting it, because
you’re jealous.
Thank you.
No.
Here you go. Be creative. What’s the matter? Scared of
a little turbulence?
Oh, this is nothing. I experienced way worse when I
was plummeting back to Earth, apparently not being a real
astronaut. Okay, that was a big one.
I’m gonna need that bag back.
I’m sorry, too. It’s all my fault.
Thank you, Sheldon.
It’s over.
Should we stop holding hands now?
Okay, good.
Thank you for not making fun of me during my
speech.
We can’t show up to your mom’s empty-handed. We should
bring something.
Oh, boy.
I was gonna say we pick up a cake or
a pie. But an insult to her faith is always
thoughtful.
Okay, give me the flowers and pie.
They are only from me. You said the gift of
you was enough.
What’s wrong?
What? Sheldon, tell me what’s going on.
You ready to talk about it?
Does a brisket count? I’m sorry, buddy, that’s rough. But
didn’t she know we were coming?
Well, did she see you in the window?
Then don’t say anything.
Well, don’t do it on the phone.
That’s some tough talk, I may need to cut you
off.
Look, she’s a grown woman. And, and your dad’s been
gone a long time. Maybe this is none of your
business.
Good luck.
While you confront your mother about her sex life? I’d
rather go back to that bar in ass-less chaps.
Hey, can I come in?
That was an hour ago, Sheldon. A Jew sits in
front of a house in Texas that long, For Sale
signs start to go up. I take it things didn’t
go smoothly with your mom.
You know, I, I sort of went through something like
this myself.
I’m talking about when my mom started seeing someone a
couple of years after my dad left.
Yeah, she was dating this guy, and I was kind
of a jerk to her about it.
Well, let’s just say it was the most vicious bar
mitzvah speech in the history of Temple Beth El. Anyway,
she broke up with him. And she’s basically been alone
ever since. She never said it, but I always felt
I was the reason why.
All I’m saying is you might not want to get
in the way of your mom’s happiness.
And the healing begins.
Both great.
Why do you have to choose? Date both of them.
Yes.
What do you mean, yes?
No. Were you seeing other men?
Were you like this when I married you?
He’s gonna die alone, right?
Only without the sex.
Maybe. But how great is Game of Thrones?
And?
I hope I get to meet her as soon as
possible.
She is. But I like that attitude.
You’re reading Cosmo?
What’s this?
So, you and Emily still together?
I spoke to Bernadette. She’s free tomorrow night.
Like when it turns out she’s made of rubber, I
don’t say anything?
Oh, that’s what it says on the box. Right next
to dishwasher safe.
I promise I’ll be on my best behaviour.
You got it.
You took ballet?
Me, too. I just hope he doesn’t blow it.
Because he’s Raj, that’s his thing. Beckham can bend it,
Ralph can wreck it, Raj can blow it. Look, I
don’t want it to happen, but odds are he’s gonna
find a way to… Oh, crap, I know that girl.
In a bad way, very bad.
Whatever you hear tonight, just remember I love you. Hey.
Uh, no. I, I don’t, I don’t think so.
Well, you sure don’t. You I know, you I know,
you? Total stranger. Even if you had yummy candy, I
would not get in your van.
That must be it.
Wow. Now who doesn’t listen?
It was the most incredible experience of my life. Up
there in the space station, you’re…
Can I finish my astronaut story?
Please don’t say it.
Please don’t say it.
You’re saying it.
Okay, I’ll say it. I was on the way to
pick her up. My stomach felt a little funny. When
I got there, I asked if I could use her
bathroom.
One roll of toilet paper and 20 minutes later, I
was so humiliated, I snuck out the window and never
saw her again.
I’m sorry. I tried to unclog it, but you didn’t
have a plunger, and water was spilling out everywhere.
Look, I have felt terrible about this for years, and
I’m glad I have the opportunity to tell you just
how sorry I am.
Yeah, yeah, I get it.
Well, hey, it’s not like cotton candy comes out of
you.
Can I say just one more thing? I had some
kind of food poisoning that day. Sure, in retrospect, gas
station sushi, maybe not the best choice. Nor was climbing
out your window and running away. But I think we
can all understand how humiliating that was, and I’d really
appreciate it if we could move on.
I’m just saying…
Okay. Fine.
Ah, it’s all right. They could’ve filled the bowl a
little more. Excuse me.
I need some fresh air.
You’re awful quiet. Everything okay?
Ugh. Me, too. What happened?
I wouldn’t worry about it. He’s got a pretty good
sense of humour.
Oh, well, turns out I’d already met the girl Raj
is seeing when I did a number on her bathroom.
And that number was two.
Get out of here, Barry.
Hey. Thanks for coming to hang out.
Okay, but she’d feel better if she took her medicine.
Good idea. We can wrap the pill in cheese, feed
it to Cinnamon, and then my mom can eat Cinnamon.
So what do you feel like doing?
Well, my mom doesn’t have a lot to choose from.
Unless you want to watch the video of her colonoscopy.
Spoiler alert, 20 minutes in they find a prune pit.
A straight-up gore-fest? You hate this stuff.
That’s actually not a bad plan. I can sit through
the colonoscopy now, but that first time I was like,
oh my God, a prune pit.
Sure.
I just helped my mom out of the tub, so,
I’m one slippery horror ahead of you.
Beach blankets, my friend, it’s all about beach blankets.
Oh, yeah, you’re gonna do great with this movie.
And the brutal dismemberment of a rotisserie chicken by my
mother.
What difference does it make?
Oh, come on, she could have a freezer full of
ex-boyfriend’s body parts and you’d still go out with her.
Let me get this straight. So, he kills this girl’s
father, cuts off the guy’s face, and is wearing it
as a mask while he makes out with her.
Raj, you are the girl in the relationship who likes
The Sound of Music. Hey, Penny. What’s up? No, Bernie’s
working late. Really? Thanks for telling me.
I’m having sex with a Catholic schoolgirl tonight.
No. Don’t be ridiculous. That’s Wookiee Life Day.
You sure. Not even coffee? We have R2-Decaf. Maybe a
nice Cafe Au Leia?
You’re being so quiet. Are you upset or are you
just rebooting?
Since we all agree Episode I isn’t our favourite, maybe
we just skip it this time.
Okay, so you’d lose most of Jar Jar, all the
trade route talk and the boring senate hearings, which are
like watching C-SPAN with monsters.
I think he’s taking this Professor Proton thing pretty hard.
Or should we respect his privacy in this moment of
grief?
That’s what good friends would do.
Well, at least without Sheldon here, we got to start
with Episode IV.
Me, too.
Yeah.
Obviously.
Boy, some of the physical comedy with Jar Jar is
a little tough to watch.
Well, you didn’t miss anything. We just started over.
Thanks for lifting my spirits. Next time, try lifting the
box.
The doctor says you need to get exercise.
Crushing my will to live isn’t exercise.
She’ll use it. All I need is to rig it
with a fishing pole and a HoneyBaked Ham.
Please, I’m an MIT-trained engineer. I think I can handle…
Ma, look out.
Okay, she’s all settled in the guest room.
You mean a forklift?
I’m sorry. I just can’t deal with this right now.
Bernie, she’s gonna be off her feet for six to
eight weeks. Are you prepared to feed her, wash her
and take her to the toilet?
Yeah, of course you would, you’re a loving person. I’m
what my people would call a putz.
We get a nurse. Preferably someone from a third world
country who’s used to suffering and unpleasant smells.
Not if we pay them well and let them listen
to the music of their homeland.
Sounds like a job for a loving person. Would you
like me to play some Polish music while you carry
her to the toilet?
As advertised.
It’s like the world’s fattest cuckoo clock.
No, it’s not.
Maybe you’re right. Anything she finds on the floor goes
right in her mouth.
Hey, I’m a very paternal person. I’d be excellent at
taking care of a baby.
I’m coming, you big baby.
Shh, I just got her to sleep.
What took you so long? The grocery store is a
few blocks away.
Then why do I smell coffee on your breath?
A mocha? Well, it must be nice to be queen.
Well, whose fault is that? I wanted to get a
nurse, but you were all, I’m nice, I want to
take care of people.
Thanks a lot. Now I have to go rub her
belly again.
How you feeling?
I’m proud of us.
Welcome to Team Putz.
She’s doing okay, but we just lost another nurse.
Two, and I know what you’re thinking, she’s eating them.
A bowl full of M&M’s with a few Ambien tossed
in.
Because you had sex the other night?
Why?
You know, if you’re really serious about that, I hear
there are some exciting opportunities in home care for the
old and fat.
Oh, come on, give her a chance.
Yeah, maybe it’s time we just release Ma back into
the sea.
Well, then, we may need to get used to the
idea that we’re gonna be living here the next few
months.
Well, what if we use our vacation time?
I don’t know what else we can do.
Don’t take this the wrong way, but did you do
this for the insurance money?
Hang on. I know a place you can stay and
earn some money at the same time.
I just have to warn you, it’ll involve humiliation, degradation
and verbal abuse.
You sure?
You call her Debbie?
Was that a little weird?
Okay, let’s go.
