Wait till you see this.
It’s a Stephen Hawking lecture from MIT in 1974.
It’s before he became a creepy computer voice
Yeah, right, your grandmother back in town?
Hang on, there really is a lady here?
And you want us out because you’re anticipating coitus?
So she’s available for coitus?
Enchante Madamoiselle. Howard Wolowitz, Cal-Tech department of Applied Physics. You
may be familiar with some of my work, it’s currently
orbiting Jupiter’s largest moon taking high-resolution digital photographs.
Bon douche.
It’s French for good shower. It’s a sentiment I can
express in six languages.
See-ka-tong-guay-jow.
Oh, he speaks English, he just can’t speak to women.
He’s kind of a nerd. Juice box?
This is one of my favourite places to kick back
after a quest, they have a great house ale.
Yeah, I’ve had him since level ten. His name is
Buttons. Anyway, if you had your own game character we
could hang out, maybe go on a quest.
So you’ll think about it?
Turn left on Lake Street and head up to Colorado.
I know a wonderful little sushi bar that has karaoke.
Baby, baby don’t get hooked on me. Uh, baby, baby
don’t get hooked on me.
But does it have peanut oil?
Do I look puffy? I feel puffy.
No, no, look at my fingers, they’re like Vienna sausages.
Haven’t you ever been told how beautiful you are in
flawless Russian?
Get used to it.
He can’t talk to attractive women, or in your case
a cheesecake–scented Goddess!
One.
Yeah, and you don’t have a problem with that, how
does he fly at night.
Grab a napkin, homie. You just got served.
What’s his problem?
Been there.
Really? You? Rajesh Koothrapali, spoke to Penny?
She hugged you? How did she hug you? Is that
her perfume I smell?
Oh boy, I was afraid of this.
These instructions are a pictographic representation of the least imaginative
way to assemble these components. This right here is why
Sweden has no space program.
Good point, how you gonna cool it?
How about liquid coolant? Maybe a little aquarium pump here,
run some quarter inch PVC…
Hold on, honey, men at work. The PVC comes down
here, maybe a little corrugated sheet metal as a radiator
here.
Perfect, Leonard, why don’t you and Sheldon go down to
the junk yard and pick up about six square metres
of scrap aluminium, Raj and I will run down to
my lab and get the oxy-acetaline torch.
Done.
Alright, just a few more feet, and…. here we are
gentlemen, the Gates of Elzebub.
Stay frosty, there’s a horde of armed goblins on the
other side of that gate guarding the Sword of Azeroth.
Raj, blow up the gates.
Don’t just stand there, slash and move, slash and move.
Leonard, you’ve got one on your tail.
Sheldon, he’s got Raj, use your sleath spell. Sheldon! Sheldon!
Leonard look out!
I am the Swordmaster!
Sounds like your neighbour’s home.
Stealing snail mail, very old school, I like it.
Kissing, what kind of kissing? Cheeks? Lips? Chaste? French?
I’m a romantic.
Because he looked better than you?
I disagree, love is not a sprint, it’s a marathon.
A relentless pursuit that only ends when she falls into
your arms. Or hits you with the pepper spray.
I don’t know, you guys work in the same lab.
There are pitfalls, trust me, I know. When it comes
to sexual harassment law I’m… a bit of a self-taught
expert.
Oh, then you’re probably okay.
Sheldon, if you were a robot, and I knew and
you didn’t, would you want me to tell you?
Maybe, although the history of science-fiction is not on your
side.
That’s true. Have you ever harmed a human being, or
through inaction allowed a human being to come to harm?
Have you ever harmed yourself, or allowed yourself to be
harmed except in cases where a human being would have
been endangered?
I smell robot.
So, how did it go with Lesley?
Well, as usual, Wolowitz has the solution. I happen to
know a place where there are plenty of eligible women,
and Leonard could have his pick.
I think Mrs Tishman’s got her eye on you. I’ve
been there, you’re in for a treat.
Hey, what up, science bitches? May I introduce my special
lady friend, Summer.
Right. Sorry.
Howard Wolowitz.
Excuse me for being so bold, but I now see
where Sheldon gets his smouldering good looks.
Oh yeah.
Hey, look who’s come out….
Not so fast, remember the South still has two infantry
divisions, plus Superman and Godzilla.
Hang on, honey. Shiva and Ganesh? The Hindu Gods against
the entire Union army?
What do you recommend for someone who worked up a
man-sized appetite from a morning of weight training and cardio-funk?
I’ll take the heart smart platter.
And walks in quiet beauty like the night.
If you’re into music, I happen to be a human
beatbox.
What’s the matter?
How can she take your order when you’re too neurotic
to talk to her.
Hey, look, it’s Doctor Stud!
The blogosphere is a-buzzing with news of you and Lesley
Winkle making eine kleine bang-bang music.
I put it there.
That was absolutely humiliating.
Yes, but you don’t have to lose to Kyle Bernstein’s
Bar-Mitzvah party.
I shot you for good reason, you were leading us
into disaster.
Morning ma’am.
A boy-girl party?
As in, costumes?
Gentlemen, to the sewing machines.
Bjow
No, no, no, it’s a boy-girl party, this Flash runs
solo.
Agreed.
Damn!
I’m not Peter Pan, I’m Robin Hood.
Just a heads up fellas, if anyone gets lucky I’ve
got a dozen condoms in my quiver.
What, are all the girls in the bathroom?
I’m Peter Pan! And I’ve got a handful of pixie
dust with your name on it.
No thanks, peanuts, I can’t afford to swell up in
these tights.
Hey guys, check out the sexy nurse. I believe it’s
time for me to turn my head and cough.
I’m going to use the mirror technique. She brushes her
hair back, I brush my hair back, she shrugs, I
shrug, subconsciously she’s thinking we’re in sync, we belong together.
You know, psychology journals, internet research, and there’s this great
show on VH1 about how to pick up girls.
If that’s a working stethoscope, maybe you’d like to hear
my heart skip a beat.
No, seriously, you can, I have transient idiopathic arrhythmia.
Hey, have you seen Koothrapali?
He’s not the Marvel comic story, he’s the original Norse
God.
I’m supposed to give him a ride home.
Watch this, it’s really cool. Call Leonard Hofstadter.
No. Call Leonard Hofstadter.
No.
If we’re having anchovies on the pizza we can’t take
it out of bathroom time.
See a Penny, pick her up, and all the day
you’ll have good luck.
Well, is she doing it one thong at a time,
or does she just throw it all in, like some
sort of erotic bouillabaisse.
Bonjour mademoiselle, I understand you’re new in town.
Ola, nerd-migos.
Oh, yeah, sorry, I’ll have it cleaned.
In the shower. Oh, by the way, where did you
get that loofah mitt, yours reaches places that mine just
won’t.
More precisely we used your loofah. I exfoliated her brains
out!
Ah, well then we’ll probably need to talk about your
stuffed bear collection.
In here my lady.
chka-chka-chka-chka-chka-chka-chka.
Let me offer a little outside the box thinking here,
why doesn’t Christie stay with me.
I do not, my mother lives with me.
So, what do you say, you wanna repair to Castle
Wolowitz?
I’m sorry, I should have mentioned this earlier, my last
name is Wolowitz.
Anything you want.
When they perfect human cloning I’m going to order twelve
of those.
Who cares, last night she pulled off her blouse and
I wept!
Really?
Yay! If you’ll excuse me, I have some Bar-Mizvah bonds
to cash.
Hi this is Howard Wolowitz.
We can’t get to the phone right now because we’re
having sex.
No, I’m just kidding, I’ll re-record it.
Ladies, ladies, I’m sure there’s a middle ground.
You girl’s talk, I’m going to take my scooter out
for a little spin.
What are you guys doing here?
So, Halo night, huh?
Sheldon, you got him in your sights, fire, he’s charging
his plasma rifle.
Son of a bitch, medpack, I need a medpack!
Guess whose parents just got broadband.
Is it just me, or does webchatting with your clothes
on seem a little pointless.
Neither do I. Doogie Howser’s been off the air for
like, twenty years.
I bet they love Scrubs.
It’s the entire premise of Fiddler on the Roof.
Me too. Of course, it speaks to me culturally.
Let’s not forget it’s got some really catchy tunes.
So who wants to rent Fiddler?
Give me the phone.
Just give it to me.
Don’t worry, you’ll thank me. Hello Lalita, Raj Koothrappali. Yes
it is good to talk to you too. So, what
are you wearing. Oh, not important, so, anyhow, when would
you like to meet. Friday works for me. And I
call you with the time and place, but in the
meantime, keep it real babe. You may now thank me.
Fine, next time make your own date.
Worked for my parents.
I’d like to try a slippery nipple.
No, no, let’s see how long it takes him.
Worked for my parents.
I’d say he was doing fine, look at her, last
girl my mom set me up with had a moustache
and a vestigial tail.
Oh, yeah, I tried to watch that online, but they
wanted a credit card.
Oh, no it isn’t.
Every year at Comic Con. Every day at Disneyland you
can hire Snow White to come to your house. Course
they prefer it if you have a kid, but…
And you have no wrath.
I’ll tell you what just happened, I just learned how
to pick up Indian chicks.
Gentlemen, I am now about to send a signal from
this laptop through our local ISP, racing down fibre-optic cable
at the speed of light to San Francisco, bouncing off
a satellite in geosynchronous orbit to Lisbon, Portugal, where the
data packets will be handed off to submerged transatlantic cables
terminating in Halifax, Nova-Scotia, and transferred across the continent via
microwave relays back to our ISP and the X10 receiver
attached to this lamp.
Are we ready on the stereo?
Hello.
No problem, turning it down. San Francisco, Lisbon, Halifax et
voila.
Public access enabled.
Because we can.
The monster truck is out of Austin, Texas, and the
blue Viper is being operated from suburban Tel Aviv.
That would be me.
I’m with you. I just have to make sure if
I’m a synthetic human I’d still be Jewish. I promised
my mother.
I don’t know, Sheldon, those topical conferences on Bowes-Einstein condensates
parties are legendary.
Forget the parties? What a nerd.
I’ve got one, hey Leonard, your mamma’s research methodology is
so flawed….
Oh no he dit’nt!
I just checked the house, there’s probably twenty, twenty-five people
in there.
It’s okay, just open with a joke, you’ll be fine.
Let’s roll. Hey, nice suit.
More often than you’d think.
You won’t believe this.
That would be me. Hey, check it out, it’s a
featured video.
Uh-oh, here comes “the talk.”
Oh boy, group hug.
Uh-huh?
Okay. So what’s up?
Wait a minute, Farminfarmian is speaking and you’re Bogarding the
symposium.
No, no, you’re quark-blocking us.
Wow.
No, it’s okay, it’s your Millenium Falcon, you and Chewbacca
do whatever you want to do. Me and Princess Leia
here will find some other way to spend the evening.
No, I’m lost too, I think she skipped a step.
Yeah, uh, break a leg.
So, road trip to Long Beach.
I’m game.
I know it’s the phone, Ma, I hear the phone.
I don’t know.
How can I ask them when I’m talking to you!
Hello.
Dear Lord, not Milky Green!
It’s Leonard.
Sheldon’s sick.
For God’s sake, Ma, I’m twenty six years old.
Chocolate milk and eggoes please!
Hang on, call waiting.
Hello.
Howard’s sleeping, this is his mother. Why are you calling
at this ungodly hour?
Then call your own mother. It was Sheldon.
It’s my own fault, I forgot the protocol we put
in place after the great ear infection of ’06.
Stand by. Ma, can my friends come over?
That’s a negatory. But there’s a Planet of the Apes
marathon at the New Art today.
Look at this, everyone went chimp.
Take your stinking paws off my popcorn you damn dirty
ape.
Sorry. Found ‘em.
Sorry, don’t you have a spare.
Unless Sheldon’s there, in which case you’ll be trapped forever
in his whiny hyper neurotic snot-web.
Well?
I’m not going in there.
It’s all right, wireless mini-cam and Bluetooth headset. We’ll be
your eyes.
One more thing. This is a subsonic impact sensor. If
Sheldon gets out of bed and starts to walk, this
device will register it and send a signal to the
laptop. At that point, based on the geography of the
apartment and the ambulatory speed of a sick Sheldon, you’ll
have seven seconds to get out, glasses or no glasses.
No, you’ll be on your hands and knees. Now you’ll
need to get the sensor as close as you can
to Sheldon’s room.
Stay low. Bear left. Now keep true.
It means go straight.
You don’t stay go straight when you’re giving bearings, you
say keep true.
Because you didn’t keep true. Okay, turn right.
Angle your head to the right. A little more. A
little more. That’s it, now just keep true. Alright, you’re
close enough to Sheldon’s room, deploy the sensor. Now turn
it on.
No.
Oh, I guess you didn’t.
Good. From this point forward you will have to crawl.
Hang on, the sensor’s picking up something, turn your head
back.
Told you the sensor would work.
Hey, I’m damaged too. How about a hug for Howie?
Antonio Salieri?
You know, Sheldon, you don’t have so many friends that
you can afford to start insulting them.
We liked Leonard.
It’s a small brown paper bag, Ma, I’m looking at
it right now. Why would I make that up, there’s
no ding-dong in it. How are two ding-dongs tomorrow going
to help me today?
I’ll talk to you later.
Sheldon, what are you doing here?
I’ve been at this lab for three years, you’ve never
came by to say hello.
A small payload support structure for a European science experimental
package that’s going up on the next space shuttle.
When this is done, it will be attached to the
payload bay, and the sensor apparatus will rest on it.
No, you don’t understand, during acceleration it needs to stay
perfectly level and provide… yeah, okay, it’s a shelf.
Sheldon, there’s a diploma in my office that says I
have a masters in engineering.
Sheldon.
Go away.
No, I thought of it all by myself.
Is he here?
Something’s got to be done about him, Leonard.
Then our problem would be solved.
We don’t have to go that far, there are other
means available.
The only thing we need to do is make this
Kim kid lose his focus.
What about biology?
You know, biology? The one thing that can completely derail
a world class mind.
Yeah, so, when I was fifteen I met Denise Polmerry
and my grade point average fell from a 5.0 to
a 1.8.
No, I just wasted a lot of time thinking about
what it would be like if she did.
We need a hot fifteen year-old Asian girl with a
thing for smart guys.
Smooth.
All he has to do now is hook up with
one of them.
Or can we?
I don’t think you mean we can’t. I think you
mean we shouldn’t.
Uh-uh. I know the type, cheerleader, student council, goes out
with jocks, won’t even look at anybody in the gifted
programme. And if, after two years of begging, she does
agree to go out with you, it turns out to
be a set-up and you’re in the back seat of
your mom’s car with your pants off while the whole
football team laughs at you.
No, I have allergies.
Interesting, kind of pretty, a little chubby so probably low
self-esteem.
Oh no, she’ll never go for the kid once she
gets a peek at this.
Did anyone see how he did it?
He’s back.
I guess times have changed since we were young. Smart
is the new sexy.
Yeah, let’s go with that.
Unbelievable. Components I built are on the International Space Station,
and I get a ticket for launching a model rocket
in the park.
Wow, I almost didn’t recognise him.
Ooh, more details about the new Star Trek film. There’s
going to be a scene depicting Spock’s birth.
Maybe they had to go to a clinic. Imagine Spock’s
dad in a little room with a copy of pointy
ears and shapely rears.
Gentlemen, switching to local nerd news. Fishman, Chen, Chowdry, McNair
aren’t fielding a team in the university physics bowl this
year.
They formed a barbershop quartet, and got a gig playing
Knotsbury Farm.
Recognise.
Kryptonian villain. Long story.
What? Why?
Outweigh the needs of the few.
How about the perpetual motion squad? It’s beyond the laws
of physics, plus a little heads up for the ladies.
Perpetual motion squad, we can go all night.
Fire away.
Hey, I buzzed in.
Don’t you think I should answer the engineering questions? I
am an engineer.
Some of us might have the correct answers too.
Alright, that’s it.
Okay.
I agree.
He compared Sheldon to a disposable feminine cleansing product one
might use on a summer’s eve.
So who’d he get to be on his team.
That sounds more like, we are a tall thin woman
who wants to make a coat out of your Dalmatians.
So?
Okay, we’re going to need a strong fourth for our
team.
Gentlemen, I believe I’ve found the solution to all our
problems.
Sometimes you’ve got to take one for the team.
Hit that thang.
Dilepton, schmilepton, we need you.
Well, we tried. Just have to face Sheldon mano-e-mano-e-mano. A-mano.
Yes.
Sheldon.
All night long, y’all!
760 degrees celsius, the approximate temperature of the young lady
in the front row.
It looks like something they found on the ship at
Roswell.
Then guess.
He doesn’t have it. He’s got squat.
A time machine from the movie The Time Machine?
Oh, that’s cool.
Do you have $800?
Don’t worry, the way these things work there’s people waiting
‘til the last second to bid, and then they swoop
in and get it, it’s called sniping.
You lucky duck.
Why don’t we share it? We’ll each put in two
hundred bucks and we’ll take turns having it in our
homes.
It’s actually a tremendous bargain, even with shipping it works
out to less than four dollars a pound.
If we take the dish off it might fit in
the elevator.
Not necessary, I have a masters in engineering, I remotely
repair satellites on a regular basis. I troubleshoot space shuttle
payloads. When the Mars rover started pulling to the left
I performed a front end alignment from 62 million miles
away. No, that baby’s broken.
If I push any harder I’m going to give birth
to my colon.
Talk about your chick magnets.
You can’t just keep it here, what if I meet
a girl and say, “you wanna come up and see
my time machine, it’s at my friends house,” how lame
is that?
I was going to put down a towel.
Good choice, Alexander Graham Bell invents the telephone and calls
out for Dr Watson.
And even if you can make it to Boston, what
are you going to do, knock on the door and
say to Mrs Bell, “hey Mrs Bell, big fan of
your husband, can I come in and watch him invent
the telephone?”
If I push any harder I’m going to give birth
to my colon.
Lox and bagels, the breakfast of time travellers.
Why?
Screw his balcony, I’ll give you a hundred and twenty
and we’ll put it in my garage.
You can’t do that, look what you’ve created here, it’s
like nerdvana.
Hang on, I need that to complete my Justice Society
of America collection.
Well you can’t just call dibs.
Will you forget dibs!
Mom, my bar-mizvah bonds, how much do I got? Thanks.
I can go twenty six hundred dollars and two trees
in Israel.
Okay man, be cool, we’re all friends here.
I guess that makes me large breasts.
Shhh! Hot girl in Sheldon’s office.
Don’t think so. I followed her here from the parking
lot.
Well she’s free to examine my briefs.
I know, I’m disgusting, I should be punished. By her,
oh look, I did it again.
Sorry I’m late, I’m working on a project that may
take me up on the next space shuttle.
Nobody ever expects me, sometimes you just look and… BAM!
Howard Wolowitz.
Yeah.
Well, I think you’re delightfully droll. Or as the French
say, Tres Drole.
Was it perhaps destiny, I think it was destiny.
Destiny, thy name is Anaheim.
Woah, woah.
Come on, Shelly, she’s family.
I’ll walk you to your car. You’re in structure 3
level C, right?
Ha-ha, not your eyebrows?
Can I get a hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
Do you like motorcycles, ‘cos I ride a hog.
You still have to wear a helmet.
Yeah, well my people invented circumcision. You’re welcome!
Bye Missy.
Okay, you two have to back off.
So what, you’ve already got Penny.
So I can have Penny?
I’m a fancy Indian man, we invented pajamas!
I’m warning you, I was judo champion at math camp.
Who are you to decide that?
What are you so happy about?
Wait a minute. Leonard made you aware of that?
Is it because I’m Jewish, because I’d kill my Rabbi
with a porkchop to be with your sister.
Look, we have to settle this.
Oh, you poor, deluded bastard.
You want to go again? Let’s go.
Okay.
Come on, come on, get up.
I’m fine, thanks for asking. I’ve come to call on
Missy.
The amazing Howard. Do you like magic?
Then you are in for a treat. Behold, an ordinary
cane. Da-dah!
Okay.
It combines the physical strength of arm wrestling with the
mental agility of tetris into the ultimate sport.
Well I love birthdays, waking up to Mom’s special French
Toast breakfast, wearing the birthday king crown, playing laser tag
with all my friends.
Actually that was last year.
You think? Go ahead, tell her about your senior prom.
Make sure they remember no peanuts.
Did someone say party?
I suppose that’s possible, but for the record, I’ve never
had a threesome and yet I still know I want
one.
Fine. If I do have a threesome, you can’t be
part of it. I’m just kidding, yes you can. Can
you bring a friend?
What difference does it make?
Can you just let us in.
Well, Raj got him an awesome limited edition Dark Knight
sculpture based on Alex Ross’s definitive Batman, and I got
him this amazing autographed copy of the Feynman lectures on
physics.
Okay, well, he might like that, I’ve seen him… chilly.
Don’t ask.
Too late.
Told you not to ask.
Try telling him it’s a non-optional social convention.
Just do it.
He came with a manual.
No problem.
What if guests show up?
What if they’re women?
Hey!
How’s it going?
So, listen, the New Art is showing the revised definitive
cut of Blade Runner.
No, you’ve seen the 25 th anniversary final cut. This
one has eight seconds of previously unseen footage. They say
it completely changes the tone of the film.
Come on, afterwards there’s a Q & A with Harrison
Ford’s body double.
Can’t you play him some other time?
Oh my God, do you smell gas.
Yeah, no.
Oh-oh. Oh-oh!
This granola bar, there’s peanuts in it.
I don’t know, it was just there.
Don’t yell at me, I’ve got to go to the
emergency room.
No, after my tongue has swollen to the size of
a brisket.
Oh God, oh God, oh God, oh…. The laundry is
out of the hamper. Okay Sheldon, what was it supposed
to be? Fine, it’s out of the washer. I’ll call
you when it’s in the dryer.
Excuse me.
No, listen, see we’re throwing my friend a surprise party
and I’m supposed to keep him out of his apartment
for two hours.
No, see, the only way I could get him to
leave is to tell him I ate a peanut. Because
I’m allergic to peanuts.
Look, all I need from you is to take me
in the back and give me a band-aid so I
can pretend I had a shot of epinephrine and they
you tell my friend you need to keep me under
observation for about an hour, hour and a half.
Yes.
No, you don’t understand.
Okay, I get it, I know how the world works,
how about if I were to introduce you to the
man who freed your people.
Bad, very bad.
We can’t go home.
Becauth Becauth-th-th. Brissket, Brissket! Water, need water.
Penny, look, I’ve got a problem.
I don’t think I can.
Okay, you have to understand something, we’re in a hospital
right now.
Leonard’s fine. I’m fine, thanks for asking, by the way.
Look, I’ve done my best but he wants to go
home and I don’t know how to stop him.
Don’t toy with me, woman.
Thy will be done. I’m doing this for you, little
buddy.
Pees hep me!
Fank-u.
I really don’t think the colonoscopy was necessary.
Oh, right, it’s your birthday, I had no idea it
was your birthday, I completely forgot, wow, what a lousy
way to spend a birthday, well it’s all over now.
Maybe.
Are you mad?
Yeah, that’s why I did it.
No, it’s Wo de ming zi shi Sheldon.
What’s this?
Well it’s not.
You know, I’m really glad you decided to learn Mandarin.
Once you’re fluent you’ll have a billion more people to
annoy instead of me.
You just called Leonard a syphilitic donkey.
Not now, I have a blog to find.
It’s smashed beyond repair, what are you going to do
with it?
Apparently he posted intimate details of their physical relationship on
his blog, which I cannot find anywhere.
Good idea. Sit with her, hold her, comfort her, and
if the moment feels right, see if you can cop
a feel.
Remember to sit on your hands a bit so they’re
warm.
What, so you’re saying that if in the depths of
despair she throws herself at you and demands you take
her, right there, right now, you’ll just walk away?
For God’s sake, Sheldon, if you don’t like the tangerine
chicken, don’t order the tangerine chicken.
Boy, that story gets better every time you hear it.
