Well, that’s understandable. You forgot. It’s called happy.
I’m not saying anything bad. Just that she was in
love with her captor and somehow managed to escape from
his dark and crazy dungeon.
I’m on it.
I’m not taking sides.
Yeah. I mean, not like our wedding beautiful.
We’ll say it was beautiful in the comment section.
Everything’s gonna be okay.
All right, Leonard, hang in there. Talk to you tomorrow.
I don’t know. It’s a mess. They had a huge
fight in Vegas.
I don’t know. Sounds pretty bad. Penny’s back in her
apartment all by herself.
I did.
Leonard asked me to keep it to myself.
You think it’s hard having one wife, try having two.
Ooh, brownies for girls’ night!
Look, I know it’s a lot of money, but the
guy at the store said in five to seven years,
it’ll pay for itself.
Doesn’t matter. What are you mad about?
And you have every right to be mad about those
things. So, why don’t you let me handle the credit
card bill this month, huh? I mean, don’t even look
at it.
And I wish Leonard never told me. He’s the bad
guy here.
And you let Penny marry him. Compared to that, who
cares if I bought a George Clooney limited edition manscaping
kit?
250 dollars an hour. Why?
Bernadette and I have occasionally gone to one to, you
know, stay on top of things.
Dude, just because we’re best friends doesn’t mean that I
have to tell you everything that goes on.
Why are marine biologists always so cute?
Then I won’t say I’d like to cover three-quarters of
her surface area.
Leonard, wait.
I’d like to SpongeBob her SquarePants.
Actually, we’re not going to the movies. We are here
to kidnap you.
Right now.
Wow, okay.
I told you to put tape on his mouth.
Well, Sheldon, there’s something about this van that you’re going
to find very interesting.
Yeah. A buddy of mine let me borrow it.
I bet he picked up a lot of cute grad
students in this bad boy.
We are going to Me-hi-co.
Okay, calm down. There’s a theme to this weekend. We
are going to Mexico in Feynman’s van to stay at
the vacation house Feynman bought with the money from his
Nobel Prize.
You don’t need a yellow fever shot to go to
Mexico.
Oh, not a problem. If anything goes down, we just
put Koothrappali in the driver’s seat and slap a sombrero
on his head.
I don’t know. Have you watched the Olympics with me?
Hey, I have to return this van. Keep your creative
juices in your pants.
I think it’s a tyre.
It’s the tyre.
Every self-respecting gentleman should know how in case he comes
across a damsel in distress by the side of the
road.
Wow, this one’s really stuck.
No. I took the other four off and when I
got to this one, I thought, you know, I’m in
a rut, let’s shake things up.
What are you doing?
Great. He’s pushing with his uterus.
Exactly. I’ll bet there’s something around here that could be
a lever.
What makes you say that?
No, it’s too broad of a beam. You’d need something
more precise, like Superman’s heat vision.
We will, we will percussive shock you.
We will, we will percussive shock you.
We have plenty of food for the animals.
Yep. A six-foot wiener in a Flash T-shirt.
It’s burning salsa. I’m hoping the acidity and salinity combined
with electricity will corrode the lug nut off.
Yeah, I saw it on Mythbusters.
Great. Couple of pinches ought to do the trick.
You put up a good fight, lug nut, but you’ve
met your match.
How could Archie defeat Predator?
Hey, Stuart.
Why?
What kind of music are you thinking of?
Well, it could be fun to try a little acoustic
thing.
You know, I’ve actually had one I’ve been sitting on
for years.
It was for this power trio I tried to put
together in junior high, but I was short two friends.
Footprints on the Moon.
So did I.
Is it cold in here, because, oh, my.
Thor versus Indiana Jones? You just blew my filking mind.
Oh yes, definitely. Hang on. Thunder clapped as Thor raised
his mighty hammer. Indy rapped, that’s one bad mamma-jamma.
Right? Mamma-jamma just came to me.
Thor and Dr. Jones. Thor and Dr. Jones. One plays
with lightning, the other plays with bones.
Oh, man, that rocks.
Yeah?
Who cares? I thought the whole point of Footprints on
the Moon was to write songs that make people think.
Where’s this coming from? A few hours ago, we both
loved this song.
You played it for Emily, didn’t you?
You are such a wimp. She didn’t like it, now
you don’t like it.
The past was lunch. You know what’s really happening here?
Your girlfriend is breaking up our band.
Oh, please. Your brain belongs to whoever’s willing to sleep
with you.
Really? Remember when you were gonna get circumcised for Rachel
Bernstein?
I don’t need this. I’m quitting the band.
Then get out of my house.
Raj, wait.
Indy’ whip snapped, Thor’s hammer missed.
Indy held his ground, and straightened his fedora.
Thor and Dr. Jones. Thor and Dr. Jones. One plays
with lightning, the other plays with bones. Thor and Dr.
Jones. Thor and Dr. Jones. One plays with lightning, the
other plays with bones.
Oh, one sec.
No, Bernadette got me a Fitbit so she can track
how much I’m exercising.
Yeah, I can’t wait to see the look on her
face when I die young.
The other day, when she tried to put that Fitbit
on me and I ran away from her.
You make an excellent point. Ooh, I think I’m getting
a runner’s high.
Well said, Puss.
And maybe a little Princess Bride.
Yeah. I already ran 18 miles today.
When you’re in a public restroom, which foot do you
flush the toilet with?
He’s a righty.
Oh, God, I am going to feel this tomorrow.
My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare
to die.
I thought you were Puss in Boots.
My name is Darth Vader. I am your father. Prepare
to die.
Sheldon, instead of focusing on Amy dating other guys, maybe
you should start thinking about dating another girl.
Oh, boy.
What’s up?
Sounds like you on Cinco de Mayo.
If you need liquid helium so bad, I know a
guy who can get you some, if you don’t ask
too many questions.
Maybe he’s not for you.
Hey.
If you wanted me to stay out later, you should’ve
given me more spending money.
What was wrong with that guy?
Hey, I want to try.
Hang on, I’m trying to find you the next great
love of your life. The man who will father your
children. Okay, yes or no on white guy with dreadlocks?
Unless they’re sitting on the end of his nose.
I love you, Amy.
Who’s Dave?
Oh, my God.
Not really. Visigoths are kind of up my butt right
now.
Howard? Uh-oh. Make room, Visigoths. ‘Sup?
Oh, no, not this again.
Oh, honey, of course it’s your house. Why else would
you be cleaning it all the time?
May I say something?
Never mind.
Oh. Making myself a bologna sandwich like my mom used
to make me after my dad left, but before she
died.
I’m listening.
That is reasonable. But what room?
No way. No, this is the room I associate the
most with my mom.
I want to change my answer.
I guess we didn’t use it very often. Unless we
had company. Which didn’t happen much after my dad left
and not at all after my mom…
Yes. So back me up. The house is good the
way it is.
Hey. What’s going on?
Your dad’s on your side.
Look, uh, I don’t even think you can take this
wall down because it’s load-bearing.
When is your visa up?
Yeah. Yeah, I feel like an archaeologist. Indiana Jones and
the Single-Family Dwelling. Hey. Look. Found a seashell.
Oh.
Sorry. Do you have a sense of where we are?
Oh. Okay, so we must be under the dining room.
Why wouldn’t I want to hear it?
That’s not true at all. I wish she’d get pregnant,
believe me. I’m climbing on top of her every chance
I get. In a loving and respectful manner. The point
is, I really do want kids.
I don’t know why she’s lying to you. She’s the
one who doesn’t want kids. In fact, every time I
bring up the subject…
Oh, my God, we’re gonna die.
That would be nice.
But you were okay throwing me under the bus?
Why are you still here?
All right, I admit that I don’t help out a
lot. And I need to work on that. But if
we had a kid, it would be different.
Because when my dad left, I promised myself that if
I ever had a chance to be a father I’d
always be there.
And this an actual I’ll think about it, not like
the can we get a motorcycle with a sidecar I’ll
think about it?
I really believe I’d be a great dad.
Speaking of making babies, what do you say I wash
up and poke around your crawlspace?
No problem.
You sure you’re up for that? She did hurt you.
Hubba Bubba over Dubble Bubble? You’re crazy.
But what are you looking for?
Isn’t that a little unreasonable?
I think the quickest way to find you a new
girlfriend is just to get you on every dating Web
site out there.
If you don’t want to use dating Web sites, what
do you suggest?
You seriously think women would fight for you?
He’s right, he knows a lot of jokes.
Well, he’s smart, he’s a respected scientist.
I have an idea. What if we put a post
on Craigslist that says world-class Caltech physicist seeking girlfriend. If
interested, solve the following puzzles for a chance to meet
him.
Well, this is actually an interesting social experiment.
Me, too. And we’ve seen the prize.
Congratulations.
Then using that number as the average speed to calculate
the travel time from Mordor to the Shire.
Well, if she can solve them, it’ll prove she’s intelligent,
tenacious and so socially awkward she has nothing better to
do on a Saturday night.
And no matter what happens, this is still a fun
experiment.
I’ve been telling women that for 20 years.
What?
You thought she was great in X-Men.
Maybe she’s waiting to show up at the last possible
moment.
Maybe we did make the test too difficult.
It’s an actual girl, and she’s really pretty.
No. How does it work?
So now anyone can control your phone? Hey, Siri, show
me pictures of naked grandma butts.
Oh. Cool. Hey, Siri, show me pictures of naked grandma
butts.
Oh, I can’t. I’m going to the soup kitchen, too.
If you can’t support me when I’m lying, why are
we married?
Six hours? Oh, God, I don’t want to complain for
that long.
I happen to be a giving and generous lover.
Maybe I’m happy that so many people turned up to
help the less fortunate.
Wipe that smug smile off your face.
So we don’t even get to be up front where
the action is?
I don’t know. I was hoping some poor kid would
come up to me and say, please, sir, I want
some more.
It’s not like I’m expecting them to sing.
All right, I think I’m getting into a groove here.
This isn’t so bad.
We’ve only been doing this 20 minutes?
Just because you have that accent doesn’t mean what you
say isn’t stupid.
Huh. Okay, I’ll try it.
No fair, I was meditating.
Thanks. You got to be kidding me.
Y, you’re Elon Musk.
Wh, what are you doing here?
Oh, man. I, what an honour to meet you. I’m,
I’m such a fan of Tesla and SpaceX. All your
companies. Howard Wolowitz, Caltech.
Oh, yeah. Nothing better than helping people. Which is something
I realized when I was viewing Earth from the deck
of the International Space Station, where I spent two months
as a payload specialist, a job I was qualified for
because I’m an MIT-trained engineer.
Sorry. It’s just, you’re you, you know? And I really
want you to adopt me.
Oh. I made my wife come down, too.
Is that a job offer? Because I really want to
go to Mars. Assuming I can bring my wife. She
hardly takes up any room. She’s basically a carry-on.
Thank you.
A partially eaten piece of pumpkin pie from a homeless
shelter? With Elon Musk, you bet I do.
Really? Why?
Mm, boy, that’s one of those jobs that’s boring, boring,
boring, then, oh, God, where’s the memo with what we
do now?
Wait a second. How could you do that without consulting
me?
That’s not the point. When we created Footprints on the
Moon, we agreed that every band decision would be mutual.
Now you’re just trying to take over the whole thing.
You know, maybe I should go solo.
All right. This thing’s bigger than you and me, band’s
back together.
We did raise the roof that night.
Why do rock stars do drugs when this feels so
great?
What should we write?
Someday you’re gonna make an amazing grandma.
Something badass, you know, like, thanks for diggin’ our vibe.
We’ll keep rockin’ if you keep rollin’.
I’ll keep rockin’. You don’t do that.
So, who is this guy?
Cool name.
Damn. I don’t know if he’s our biggest fan or
I’m his. Hey, Trent just liked our comment.
Look at this. Trent is rebuilding a vintage motorcycle.
Oh, he’s our fan.
Uh, did you forget? We’re in a band.
And at the children’s hospital until they asked us to
leave.
Really? You want to go down there and meet him?
After that, all I did was check out his profile,
go back in the archive of his feed until I
found his Twitter handle.
So if you think that’s creepy, you married the wrong
guy.
No. Let him spot us.
Could you imagine? What a cool way for us to
meet. He’s playing our song and looks up, and there
we are, his favorite two-piece acoustic sci-fi novelty rock band.
I can’t watch.
Why is he looking at it?
Come on, Trent, you’re better than th-ah.
Let’s just go.
Nope.
They’re not supposed to be available yet.
Same here!
What are we gonna do?!
Got ’em.
Well, we could wait a couple days and see it
together.
It’s like going with your grandpa. Instead of eating popcorn,
he brings little pieces of chicken in Tupperware and a
thermos full of soup.
Oh, make sure to wear sensible shoes. Wil, want to
go to Star Wars Thursday?
Ready to go?
I know.
T minus 15 minutes.
Check. Wait. Screw it. I’m holding it.
He’s right.
I know. We’ve been waiting so long for this.
He’s right.
Bernie and I are getting the house ready for the
remodel. We could always use an extra pair of hands.
Hi.
What kind of doctor is she?
Well, what if you make an appointment as a patient?
Then you’ll get to talk to her.
Social anxiety.
Fear of failure.
Spineless.
That was incredible.
I know. It’s not like he returns the favour when
he watches his Japanese porn cartoons.
What is it, Stuart?
Hang on. Should I send him away?
What’s up?
Wow. I thought I was done getting lucky tonight.
What?
You know, once we get the house back to ourselves,
we can be romantic in any room we want.
No one.
Yeah. A grown man moving into his own apartment. Crazy
times. See ya.
He’s gone. Let’s start in the garage.
No kidding. Oh, okay, I’m about to suck something up.
What do you think this object sounds like?
Well, I was thinking a home theatre or a gaming
room, you know, like a man cave.
As long as it has a home theatre, a video
game system and you’re not allowed in it, you can
call it whatever you want.
Well, what do you think we should do?
Oh. He was so excited.
I’ll give it to him next time I see him.
No. You’d think he would’ve called once he got settled
in.
Too busy to call? He wasn’t too busy to binge-watch
Hot in Cleveland with my Hulu password. What is happening?
Are we missing him?
Of course not. He drove us crazy. Like when you
were gonna make that pie and Stuart ate all the
blueberries.
That was pretty cute.
I can’t believe I miss Stuart.
I don’t know.
Glad to hear it.
Hey, she came all the way here…
He was being a jerk to everyone. Don’t take it
personally.
You know, Amy took some time off from him. Really
improved their relationship.
We should all take a trip or something.
Bernie would love that.
No.
No.
Wow. I’m impressed.
Apology accepted.
Sheldon Cooper apologized to me
No.
Wait, that’s an option? I didn’t know that was an
option.
Ooh, check out the stripper pole.
That’s ridiculous. If you had a superpower, and spent your
whole life being told to suppress it, when you finally
decide to embrace that power, why hide in isolation?
I’m just saying, instead of Let it Go, she should
really sing, Look At Me Hiding in a Freezer Like
a Dove Bar.
Here we are talking about Frozen, and yet, you got
burned.
Oh, that’s what I said an hour ago.
You should’ve seen us after The Good Dinosaur.
You should. He’s really looked.
Hi.
You’re a screenwriter?
He does, and he has the Lilo & Stitch collector
plates to prove it.
What are you doing? You have a girlfriend.
So, how do you think she’d feel about you helping
a beautiful girl with her screenplay?
Really? You don’t think she’s attractive?
You weren’t there. He was really flirting.
Really? So it’s okay if I fl…
No. Never.
What?
Fine. I had reservations about you, too.
No, I didn’t.
Me, too. And I think you’re even more beautiful than
this rose.
Okay, so far we’ve heard, made up my mind I’m
dumping Emily.
And made up my mind, I’ll ask for a threesome
and if they say no, play it off as a
joke.
When are you gonna tell Emily?
Hello.
Sorry, Bernie and I are breaking in the new hot
tub, if you know what I mean.
Does this have to do with that girl you had
coffee with?
You’ve been talking about breaking up with Emily forever. Why
don’t you just do it already?
No.
I’m gonna check the temp on the tub.
Sorry, but too hot is the only temperature I come
in.
You’re welcome. Um, question, this is my first hot tub,
is it supposed to come with a rat flopping around
in it?
How?
Uh, you turn off the jets, I’ll get a strainer
from the kitchen.
Good, I don’t know where we keep the strainer.
I hope you don’t think I’m just saying this because
it’s Valentine’s Day, but, I love you so much.
Well, should we put it back in there a few
minutes?
Well, how do we do that?
Um, taking care of injured rabbit. Okay. Make sure it’s
comfortable and warm. Well, it was just in a hot
tub. I’m gonna say check.
To make sure it’s not dehydrated, feed him an electrolyte
solution. If it’s not responding, use a warm cloth to
wash its face and genitals. Yeah.
You’re gonna have to wait one hour until you can
go swimming again.
He is. Should we name him?
Nice. A classic rabbit name. Peter Rabbit, Roger Rabbit. Valentino
Wolowitz Rabbit. Oh, look at all that chest hair and
overbite. Of course you’re a Wolowitz. Son of a bitch,
he bit me.
No, I’m not okay. Wild rabbits can have rabies.
Poor judgement, obviously.
How can it be fine? I just got attacked by
a clearly anti-Semitic wild animal.
It says, rabies in rabbits is highly unlikely.
It’s not terrific. Lots of highly unlikely things happen. You
saw what’s under this robe, and you still married me.
Good. Thank you. Oh, okay, there is a test. All
they have to do is cut off his head and
check his brain.
He’s not showing any symptoms. I guess I’ll just go
to the emergency room to be safe.
No, when I sat on the mute button and thought
I’d gone deaf, that was my hypochondria.
Morning.
We? What is this?
Continued on milk. If you’re tricking me into making my
own breakfast, it didn’t work for my mom, and it
won’t work for you. Are. We are. See spoons for
more.
Are you serious?
Are you sure?
Oh, my God. This is incredible. We’re gonna be parents?
We’re gonna get to board planes first. Finally gonna get
to see what’s in that family bathroom at the mall.
It is crazy. Oh. I mean, how do you prepare
for something like this? I’m not even sure I’ve held
a baby before.
But how’s this all gonna work? Do we get a
nanny? I mean, can we afford a nanny? And if
we can, we can’t get a pretty one, because it’ll
wreck our marriage. We can’t get an ugly one, because
it’ll scare the kid.
Are we in a good school district? You’re Catholic, I’m
Jewish. What religion do we raise it? And if it’s
a boy, do we get him circumcised? People say it’s
barbaric, but if we don’t, it looks like a pig
in a blanket.
How’s it gonna be okay? Look at me, I’m a
mess. And that means this baby’s gonna be half a
mess. And that’s even before we screw it up with
our cut-rate moderately attractive nanny.
Yeah, um, in a minute. I actually need to tell
you guys something.
I’m, uh, uh, gonna be a father.
I shouldn’t be raising a kid. I don’t even eat
my own vegetables.
And then there’s this nose. I mean, what if he
looks like me? Or worse, what if she looks like
me?
Oh, my God, and do you have any idea how
expensive having a kid is?
A million dollars? God, it’s like my nuts just kicked
me in the nuts. That’s it, I got to start
earning more money right now.
This isn’t a joke.
You’re right, it is, I’m just a little overwhelmed right
now.
Well, look at this. I bet whoever invented tiny umbrellas
doesn’t have to worry about money. He can have all
the kids he wants.
If I’m gonna have any chance of raising this kid,
I need to come up with a big idea to
make some money.
That’s easy for you to say. You and Sheldon already
came up with your superfluid helium model.
Okay, how about this for an invention, slightly bigger cocktail
umbrellas.
I don’t know, all Apple does is change the size
of things and we keep buying them.
Maybe that’s an idea, guidance systems for drunk people.
Hey. In your supercooled helium experiments, did you create quantum
vortices?
Well, if you made a guidance system, couldn’t you use
those vortices as a gyroscope?
And since it’s in a quantum state, it would maintain
an infinite persistence.
You think so?
I’m not finding anything either.
Damn. What is it?
If this is a viable thing, we could get a
patent and license it to companies that make guidance systems.
Maybe you’re right.
Thank you, Sheldon.
Thank you.
I’m really glad you’re here. Can we talk?
I’m sorry I freaked out this morning. I want you
to know I’m done being scared.
Thank God, because I was lying, you might not have
to wait nine months to see someone soil their pants.
But I’m also really excited. I mean it.
I love you. Mmm. And I’m not just saying that
because your breasts are gonna get bigger.
Baby, I need your lovin’, got to have all your
lovin’. Baby, I need your lovin’, got to have all
your lovin’.
I’d like to dedicate my last song of the evening
to my wife, best friend, and now the mother of
our child. I love you, Bernie. Havin’ my baby, what
a lovely way of sayin’ how much you love me.
Havin’ my baby, what a lovely way of sayin’ what
you’re thinkin’ of me.
Thank you, Pasadena. Good night.
You have any idea what you’re getting Sheldon for his
birthday?
That’s funny. Let’s do that.
Don’t say that to him.
Really? You’re ahead of Bale? The man who personified the
words, I’m Batman.
Can we just all agree we’re worried about Affleck?
Happy birthday!
Sheldon, I don’t think everyone…
Okay, then, uh, Sheldon, we’ve known each other a long
time. And it is a pleasure to work with you
and call you my friend.
What? You gotta be kidding me?
Happy birthday to you, Happy birthday to you, Happy birthday,
dear Sheldon, Happy birthday to you.
Okay, I gotta ask, why are you wearing a bow
tie?
Is the impression that your first name is Pee-Wee?
See, he’s not wearing a tie.
Excellent.
Oh, I don’t think there will be.
Can you imagine if we make money with this?
That old sad story, guy gets a little money, goes
straight up his nose.
Seventy-five percent?
Wait, so this can turn out to be a financial
success, and I get nothing?
Come on, let’s go.
We can’t. It says on their Web site, as long
as we work there, they have a controlling ownership of
anything we come up with.
Either way, I get nothing.
I guess that is a way around this. You guys
would be cool doing it like that?
Okay, great.
You can do it, Sheldon.
This contract looks good to me.
Yeah, one sec. I just need to sign this contract.
Well, we ran into a problem about my share of
the patent, so we’re forming a partnership to split anything
we make equally.
Bernie, the guys were nice enough to find a way
to keep me from being cut out.
Honey, this is fine.
Can I talk to you in the hall?
Excuse us.
What are you doing?
What’s to think about? We have an invention and want
to move forward.
All right, if you’re gonna calmly make excellent points, then
I don’t know if I want to talk to you.
Okay. I get it. And it’s sweet that you’re worried
about me, but I can take care of myself.
Here we go with the ironclad logic again.
Is the foetus helping you? Because that’s cheating.
Hey.
Yeah. But, um, we were talking, and I’m a little
concerned about the three of us forming a partnership.
Sheldon, my concern is not with the money or anything.
It’s, it’s with how you treat me.
See? This is what happens every time we work together.
I’m on board.
Article three, as it pertains to this project, Dr. Sheldon
Cooper promises to abstain from all insulting or disrespectful language
directed toward Howard Wolowitz, including but not limited to mockery
of engineering, his height, his hair, his wardrobe, and his
insane belief that the Ghost Rider movie was, quote, not
that bad.
All right, let’s sign this.
I should’ve known.
That’s very generous, Sheldon.
I appreciate that.
Scientifically? A little over a year ago. LEGOs? Last week
in my room.
There’s a lot of tedious setup, but once we get
through that it should go quicker.
While we finish soldering these boards, it’d be great if
you guys could wrap these pipe fittings with Teflon tape.
I don’t know if we have enough solder to finish
these circuit boards.
What can I say, I play hard, I solder even
harder.
You want to come with us?
Remember when her fun was nightclubs and drinking games?
Well, hang on. What movie is it?
Wait. I bet it’s Suicide Squad. Let’s check it out.
Penny just said they’re having fun. Honestly, you want to
wrap tape around a bunch of pipe fittings all afternoon?
It’s not a problem.
And now you’ve made it a problem.
But we’re gonna have to put the spare on before
we go back.
Well, I lie a lot.
Well, I keep telling you, good things happen to bad
people.
Raj. He really wants to see this movie.
I know. I want to make him feel bad.
Hi.
We went to a movie and lied about it, but
we feel bad and want to make it up to
you.
Yeah. Anywhere you want.
What is he doing in there?
You know what wasn’t anti-climactic? The end of the movie.
Get this.
Ready for dinner?
Hey, where you been?
Did you get graham crackers? I mean, are, wuh, is
the baby okay?
I didn’t know you needed help running errands today.
Really?
Oh. Well, I guess that’s kind of sweet.
And it just got weird.
What the hell are you watching?
Okay, that is the least Jewish thing I’ve ever seen
in my life. You feel like Raj is getting a
little carried away with all the baby stuff?
All right, if you say so. What’s in the box?
Oh. That’s cool. Can we try it?
So he can be part of the experience?
I’m surprised he let us conceive without him.
Raj just pulled up. I’m gonna say something to him.
So you don’t think he needs to rein it in
a little?
And you’re not concerned he’s acting like somehow this is
his kid, too?
Just supportive. Not over-the-top in any way?
Astronauts saw him carrying that.
Look, Raj, you’re my best friend in the world and
I really appreciate your enthusiasm about the baby.
But we have to set some boundaries.
The three of us aren’t having this baby. Just the
two of us.
Oh. Okay. Yeah, I get it. I’ll back off.
Thanks for understanding.
You need some help?
I feel like I just made a horrible mistake.
But on the other hand, I didn’t kick him out
of our lives. I just asked him to back off
a little.
What? Are you gonna cry?
Is it baby hormones or actually sad?
I’ll go get him.
No, Raj, you’ve been great. I just, I need to
start doing my part around here.
Well, not right now. But we could try out that
microphone you got us, and listen to the baby’s heartbeat.
Hey, look at that. It’s weird again.
All right, here we go.
Well, give me a second.
Hey, who found four dollars and change on the beach
with his metal detector?
We did.
You didn’t.
But Batman is a man. You’re talking about a man
who would have the powers of a man. That’s just
Man-Man.
So does that answer your question?
I know. Scientists have tried to reproduce it with computational
models, but, in each case, the world blows up.
I know. Imagine if we were actually moving.
You’re exhausted? Try folding every five pages in a pregnancy
book so your wife thinks you read it.
I guess I am lucky.
You sure you don’t want to come watch Game of
Thrones with us?
I’m not sure if I’m hoping for a boy or
a girl. I mean, if it’s a boy, I’m gonna
have to teach him to play catch. Which means I’m
gonna have to google how to play catch. If it’s
a girl, I mean, they’re so innocent and you know
how guys are.
There you go again.
Actually, what you’re doing is pretending to complain, but really
trying to brag.
Oh, I wish could enjoy a cup of tea without
a naked girl bouncing up and down on me.
Don’t you hate it when you can’t remember whose bra
it is you found wedged in your couch?
No, I’m fine.
Just drop it.
Oh, please. What could you possibly have that I would
be jealous of?
Wait, what is going on?
As long as I don’t have to watch with him.
Why do you get to pick?
Don’t tell me where to go.
And I’m gonna eat it all.
So what the hell happened?
Tell me about it. I’ve had it with Raj, too.
Interesting. Maybe my male cycle synced up with Raj’s actual
period.
Yeah.
Yeah. Cap’n Crunch with Crunch Berries, move on.
I don’t know. I like the pain of others.
No, she doesn’t.
She does not.
Well, she did. And human resources.
Son of a bitch.
Um, guys? Were there any nuts in that food?
Well just a feeling.
Hey.
I’m fine. Just a little embarrassed I had to be
carried down the stairs like a baby. Thanks.
Because we’re not in it for the stuff. We’re in
it for the groupies.
Well, we’re out. Bernie can’t drink because she’s pregnant. And
she’s pregnant because we had sex. And we had sex
because, well, come on.
You sure?
I bet you’d like a drink right now.
Okay. Everything’s hooked up. We’re ready.
Actually, it’s making me dizzy.
Hey. Where is everybody?
Oh. Cool.
You know, I don’t remember the last time it was
just you and me hanging out.
Oh, yeah, and we said we should do it more
often. And, and, and, and, and here we are.
I know. What are they gonna talk about?
Oh, good.
No, two minutes.
Where’s Claire?
Really? Nothing?
Yeah, hey, buddy.
We’ve actually been working on a prototype for a navigation
system we invented.
Yeah, you know, the boxer who grew a moustache and
became a scientist.
Well, we’re using quantum vortices to replace gyroscopes in guidance
systems.
You could put it in a satellite or a rocket,
and it’ll run forever.
Yeah, but we didn’t create it for weapons.
A lot.
Me, too.
Same reason I don’t talk about ass cancer. It’s not
a pleasant topic.
Take a step back? I’m not a young man any
more.
But I got a baby on the way. I got
to make some money.
Okay, let me stop you right there. We absolutely know
our invention will not be used to destroy the world.
Because no one from the future has come back to
kill us.
You got something better?
Okay, then. Geez, how much wine did you drink?
Yeah. He still has an AOL address.
Let’s do it.
In fact, that’s usually the trick to it. What time
do we need to get there?
If you really care that much, there are apps now
that’ll let you hire people to do stuff like errands
and wait in lines.
Some of these guys make over $20 an hour.
We’ve waited in a lot of lines together, haven’t we?
Not the stick chair. You look like an idiot on
that thing.
You look like you come with a kickstand.
Hmm, maybe not. Leonard?
I’ll give you a dollar if you make fun of
Raj.
Five.
Uh, if you ever need a reference or anything, just
let me know.
We’re near the front of the line. We’ll get in
either way.
I can’t believe we’re gonna get beat up, and it’s
not because of your chair.
I’m fine. Be right out. Am I an American hero?
Well, that’s a good question, Jim. Don’t you think once
an astronaut leaves the planet, he’s a hero to all
the nations of the Earth? Okey dokey. I think I
have time for one more question.
Oh, my God. It’s working.
Look. The system is maintaining its own stability, the quantum
vortex apparatus is now controlling the orientation.
Yeah. I do. It’s proof of concept. We’ve got a
workable guidance system.
Thanks. Hey, I just got an e-mail from the U.S.
Air Force.
Hmm. We request a meeting at your earliest convenience regarding
your quantum guidance system, provisional patent 62/295118. That’s weird.
I’m sure it’s just a coincidence.
I can’t believe I was so naive. The military is
just gonna take over the whole project. And you know
what happens if we object? We disappear. Like off the
map. Like every American Idol winner since season four.
Am I? Am I? What, what do you want to
bet some black ops guy is reprinting my high school
yearbook and I’m no longer in it? That chess club
picture is now just David Zimmerman and Elaine Cho.
Oh, please, that’s not how it works. You saw E.T.,
Avatar, Jurassic World. The military just shows up and takes
over.
I’m sorry, you find this funny?
I don’t know what to do. It’s the Air Force.
I mean, should I respond to their e-mail? Ignore it?
One sec. I’m just afraid if I respond, then they’ll
know I got it.
It’s not nonsense. This is how the U.S. military works.
You’re right. We turn our guidance system over to them,
next thing we know, they’re using it against us.
Are you kidding? They’re probably the ones who leaked it
to the military in the first place.
I’m being harassed by the government, not trying to get
to the bottom of a dog-walking scam.
Oh, God. I think someone’s following us.
I’m not being ridiculous, he’s right on my tail.
I told you.
He’s flashing his lights. What’s that mean?
Hang on.
I’m telling you, I’m not on drugs. The government’s out
to get me.
