I can hear you without the phone,
I’m excited to talk to you, too.
How about calling her my wife?
They do. That’s why we marry them.
Ma, please. Everyone from NASA is listening to this phone
call.
Okay, Ma, great talking to you. Gotta go. Well, space
is ruined.
Hey, there’s my beautiful bride. Can you see me?
I’m amazing. I mean, this is even better than I
dreamed. I look out the window, and it’s all so
unbelievable.
Oh, yeah? That’s nice.
Hey, look, this pen is floating. How crazy is that?
Okay, okay, I know you’re upset, but let me share
something I’ve learned since I got here. You realize how
small your problems are when you’re looking down on them
from space. Now, come on, that’s got to make you
feel better.
Pretty clear.
I mean, it’s not, like, HD quality.
Who is it?
Hey, Ma. You know, we could see each other if
you turn on the computer.
You can’t catch a computer virus.
What do you want, Ma?
Okay, here it is. Bernadette and I are starting a
life together and…
Ma…
It’s not definite. I’ll talk to Bernadette.
Stop it, Ma. I’m sure I can get Bernie to
come around.
Okay, okay.
Now, can we please change the subject?
Hey, I’m a grown man. I’m gonna live with my
wife. My mother’s just gonna have to learn to make
do on her own.
Who can tell? She yells everything. She might have been
upset. She might have been hungry.
I love you, too. Sweet dreams. I’ll talk to you
tomorrow?
To infinity and beyond, baby.
I know.
Oh, I’m never going back.
You don’t have to shout, Raj. It’s not like I’m
an astronaut floating around in outer space. Oh, wait, I
am.
It’s better. I wake up every morning and I just
can’t believe I’m on this incredible adventure.
Excuse me. I’m talking to my friends.
Funny. We’re always giving each other a hard time up
here. It’s kind of like being in a frat. You
know, joking, kidding around, hurting feelings.
Yes, I read you, Sheldon.
You’re out of your mind,Sheldon.
All right, all right. I gotta go. There’s a meteor
shower.
Bye.
Hey, Bernie.
Oh, it’s okay. Space is beautiful. Earth is beautiful. Same
old, same old.
Nothing. Everything’s fine.
The other astronauts are being mean to me.
Well, like for instance, the other day when I was
asleep, one of the guys went on a space walk
and glued a big-eyed rubber alien mask to the outside
of my window. When I woke up, I screamed for
like nine minutes.
You can see it if you want. It’s on YouTube.
Google astronaut screams for nine minutes.
What am I supposed to say?
Great, I’ll do that when I want to be the
first guy in space to get a wedgie.
No. My mom already tried that. It only made things
worse.
Hey, Bernie, guess what? I stood up to the other
astronauts like you said and I got to tell you,
last night was the first time in a week I
got a good night’s sleep.
What’s wrong? You look upset.
Hey, Bernie.
Okay, I guess. It’s just, being cooped up in this
tin can for weeks on end is starting to get
to me.
I know.
Love you too. Hey, Bernie? Before you go, can you
do something for me?
Okay, here it is. I really miss gravity. Can you
drop something so I can watch it fall?
Oh, baby, you’re killing me.
Uh, no, not really.
Well, remember the Soyuz capsule they were sending to bring
us home?
It’s delayed. We’re gonna be here at least another week.
Maybe ten days. It’s the Russians, so you don’t know.
They left dogs up here in the sixties.
I don’t know how much longer I can take this.
I can’t sleep, and zero gravity is giving me crazy
acid reflux. I’m down to my last three Tums.
Okay, okay. What am I doing? I’m using up all
the oxygen. If I die, promise you’ll never have sex
with another man.
Oh, a lot better, thanks. One sec. Listen close, I
don’t have a lot of time. I need you to
go to my house. In my bedroom, you’ll find a
model rocket. I want you to take it and bring
it back to your place.
Step two, build a version roughly fourteen stories high. Fill
it full of rocket fuel and come get me. I’ll
leave the door unlocked.
No, no, I’m fine. No anxiety. We should probably talk
in code. From now on, frog is me, sandwich means
you and lemon means rocket. So, come on, sandwich, build
me a lemon because froggy wants to come home.
Better. Much better. The other astronauts held me down, gave
me a shot. Oooh. Attention, people of Earth. Tonight, there
will be two moons in the sky.
Whee! Whee!
Baruch atah, Adonai, Eloheinu. Melech haolam, hamotzi. Lechem min haaretz
The Jewish prayer for eating bread! We don’t have one
for falling out of space! We did it! We’re on
the ground! We survived!
Whoa, thank you. Great to be back on Earth.
I missed you, too. Where are the guys?
Oh, I get it. They’re waiting back home with a
big surprise party. Don’t worry, I can act surprised.
Gesundheit. You okay?
Great. Just keep in mind astronauts lose a lot of
muscle tone in space, so you might have to do
most of the heavy lifting.
Bernie, you okay?
Did you get a sea lion while I was gone?
Okay.
Oh. Are you kidding? Every minute of every…
Sweetie, we don’t have to do this now.
You okay?
Okay.
Bernadette? Bernie? Bernie?
Well, that was quick, and a little gross. Now, I
know how she feels.
Hey, Ma, twinkle, twinkle, your little star is home. Ma,
the chain’s on the door.
Yeah, well, Bernie’s not feeling well, so I thought I’d
stop by, tell you about the greatest adventure of my
life, see if you can make me feel bad about
it.
All right. Woman hasn’t tied her robe in 20 years.
Suddenly she’s not decent?
Ma, who is in there?
Who is that?
If you’re busy, I can come back.
Dr. Schneider?
What are you doing here?
You’re a dentist.
One to beam aboard?
Yeah. The lack of gravity did decompress my spine, so
I’m like an inch and a half taller. I’m going
to the DMV tomorrow to get my license changed before
I shrink back.
Yeah, well, Bernadette’s a little under the weather and my
mom’s kind of under my dentist.
Former dentist. I need a new one now that I
know where his hands have been.
It’s okay, you know, we space cowboys don’t do what
we do for glory and fame. We leave that to
your rock stars and your athletes and your Howie Mandels.
Oh, Stuart, thanks. What are you doing here?
Wow, so you guys are like buds now?
Okay, so what do you guys got going on tonight?
Sound of Music sing-along? That used to be our thing,
but that’s cool.
So I’d be sitting by myself?
No, no, you guys go. Have fun.
Absolutely. See you, Stuart.
At least my mother made her boyfriend climb out the
window.
Hey, guys, guess who’s back from space.
I don’t think so.
Yes. Yes, I am.
Oh, thank you so much. I’ve been having the worst
night. I just got back, and my friends don’t care,
my wife’s sick, I went to my mom…
Yes, please. And I think it’s gonna be long, long
time till touchdown brings me ’round again to find I’m
not the man they think I am at home, oh,
no, oh, no, I’m a rocket man. Perfect.
Oh, hey, Stuart, I got you a little souvenir from
my trip to space.
It’s my official NASA portrait.
That’s not true. At the Walgreens I was over the
moon for their store-brand antacids.
But you know what wasn’t a party? That hotel in
Kazakhstan they put you up in before the launch. I
mean, it’s your last night on Earth. You’d think you’d
get one porn channel.
Anywhere but the Space Station. On a good day, dinner
was a bag full of meat loaf. But, hey, you
don’t go there for the food, you go there for
the view.
Not really.
You know, people say the Soyuz capsule was a lemon.
But, hey, that baby got me to space and back.
Creature from the Black Forest Ham Lagoon.
That reminds me, I was thinking about wearing my NASA
jumpsuit as a costume. But then I realized everyone would
be, like, where’s your costume? Why are you wearing your
work clothes, you nut?
You know where’s there’s a lot of nothing.
Boy, it’s nice to sleep in a bed with gravity
again. Did I tell you about the night my retainer
floated out of my mouth and into the air lock?
So, here we are, just a couple of young newlyweds.
What to do? What to do to you? Astronaut Wolowitz,
reporting for booty. Preparing thrusters. We have liftoff. Are we
clear to jettison that nightgown?
What?
I don’t talk about it every minute.
What was I supposed to talk about? We were eating
at Johnny Rockets.
So, I did this amazing thing and I’m never allowed
to mention it?
Okay, no problem. It won’t happen again.
I love you, too. I can’t tell you how many
times I dreamed I was in bed here with you
when I was… you know. What, I can’t even point?
I don’t care. Get the Tardis.
Yeah, sure, whatever.
Clever.
Nothing.
Okay, here it is. Bernadette said you guys are all
sick of me talking about my trip to space. Is
that true?
You know what, guys? Never mind. I just won’t talk
about the greatest achievement of my life ever again.
Fine.
To tell you the truth, I’m not really in the
mood.
Yeah, some friends. They all think I’m boring. Maybe you
should go without me.
I’m sorry. I just don’t want to go.
Fine. Two weeks ago I was an astronaut.
Who cares?
You’re right, the party’s fantastic. Please, tell me more. I
haven’t heard enough about it all week because hearing about
that never gets old.
Well, I’m not allowed to talk about it, but since
you brought it up, I went to space! Space, space!
Space! Space, space! Space!
Great, now I’m in trouble. You happy?
No, I’m not. They’re all being rude. And you’re being
rude.
Oh, Howie, stop talking about space so much. Nobody likes
it.
You’re my wife. You’re supposed to be on my side.
Then why are you trying to take this away from
me? Being an astronaut is the coolest thing I’m ever
gonna do. If I stop talking about it, then I’m
just…
Just plain old Howard Wolowitz again.
You’re just saying that.
I love you.
I don’t know. Raj sent me some video of Buzz
Aldrin.
Okay, I get it.
Yeah, I wish we looked as cool dancing in clubs
as we do right now.
That somewhere right now Stephen Hawking is saying, damn it,
I meant to click no.”
Sheldon, I know Stephen Hawking. I worked with him.
Why?
That’s ridiculous. Not to mention, your American accent is terrible.
This is what you sound like. I think I’m talking
in an American accent, but it really sounds like I’m
wearing a set of giant dentures.
Tell him he sounds like that.
There’s the problem. You can’t beat Hawking like that. He
hates to lose. Everyone knows the guy’s a big baby.
I mean, forget the wheelchair, he should be in a
stroller.
One time when I was working with him, he said
that Johnny Depp was in The Matrix. I told him
he was wrong, but he kept insisting. So I looked
it up online and showed him. Well, the next day,
he had a pizza party, and everyone got invited but
me. And then he was all, your invitation must have
gotten lost in the matrix.
Terrible.
I can’t sit on that elephant, my ass is on
fire from eating all this curry.
You ever hear back from Hawking?
So, now all you have to do is let him
win.
What are you waiting for? Hit send.
So do it.
Good for you.
Don’t take it personally. She likes doing them by herself
so she can lick the plates with no one looking.
Yeah, let me just grab a couple of fresh turtlenecks.
What are you talking about? All I have here is
a few sweaters, books, bank stuff, computers, mail, collectibles, medicine
and my electric body groomer. Ooh, there’s my plaid dickie.
Oh, got this at the Goodwill store for 50 cents.
Can you believe it?
You know, it’s kinda late. Why don’t we just spend
the night here?
I know.
That’s not true.
There’s some underwear in the hamper.
Thank you, I only put it on the list two
weeks ago. Okay, I see what you’re getting at. How
about this weekend I’ll box up all my things and
move them to our place.
The lightsabres are gonna look great in the living room.
Let go of whatever piece of food you’re holding.
Now that you mention it, I was thinking tomorrow might
not be great.
No excuse. It’s just, you know, I’m Jewish, and technically,
we’re not supposed to drive or carry anything on the
Sabbath. So this one’s on God.
My religion’s kinda loosey-goosey. Basically, as long as you got
your schmekel clipped and don’t wear a cross, you’re good.
And I will.
I will. I’m obviously not going to live in my
mother’s house for the rest of my life. I’m not
a child.
She did not burp me. She was patting me on
the back, and I happened to burp. Don’t you have
other tables you should be waiting on?
All right, I’ve had enough of this. I’m a grown
man, I have a successful career, for the love of
God, I’ve been to space. I will move out when
I’m ready, and I don’t need anyone badgering me into
it.
That was just for her benefit. I’ll move tomorrow. I
love you. Don’t leave me.
Boy, if these walls could talk.
Yeah. I can’t believe I’m not going to live here
anymore. This has always been my bedroom. Right here is
where my mom used to mark my height.
I remember when I was five, hiding under this desk
with all my Halloween candy. Had some Peanut M&M’S, went
into my first anaphylactic shock and had to be rushed
to the hospital. Came home, celebrated with a Snickers, went
into my second anaphylactic shock.
Sometime around the third Almond Joy.
Yeah, I guess. Hey, would you do me a favour?
Go on ahead. I just want one last moment alone
in my old room.
Fine, let’s go.
Okay, I have now officially moved out of my mother’s
house. You are now the only woman in my life
who I’ll see naked in the bathroom.
Oh, I’m fine. It’s just her I’m worried about.
I know. It’s just ever since my dad left, I’ve
felt responsible for her.
She was just so sad all the time. I was
the only person who could cheer her up. Well, me
and Ben and Jerry.
You know, she’s why I first got into magic. I
would do little shows for her, hang up a bedsheet
like it was a curtain, put on a top hat
and cape. And part way through the act, I would
say I needed a volunteer from the audience to be
my beautiful assistant and invite her up on stage. I
can still remember the way she’d smile. For a few
minutes, she’d forget how lonely she was.
Where we going?
No, but I want to live here.
Can’t we talk about this?
Oh, you silly doodlebug.
Do you expect me to build this?
Have you guys ever noticed that Sheldon always disappears every
day at two forty-five?
I’m looking at his public calendar. Two forty-five to three-oh-five,
nothing. Yesterday, two forty-five to three-oh-five, nothing, last week, nothing,
last month, nothing. He never has anything booked during that
time.
We should figure out where he goes.
Colonel Koothrapali in the kitchen with the olive spread.
Two forty-four, Right on schedule. Hey, Sheldon.
Raj and I are heading over to the genetics lab
to pet the glow-in-the-dark bunny. Want to come with us?
Well, where are you going?
No, you didn’t.
Should we follow him?
Hey, Alex, do you know where your boss just went?
Don’t you know his schedule?
Come on.
This is where he goes? What’s in there?
What could he be doing in there every day for
twenty minutes?
Not yet. What are you doing?
Can’t you face the other way and listen?
What the hell is he up to?
Why would he chain up Stephen Hawking?
I think we’re more like ninjas.
Fine, I’ll be a ninja, you be a cat burglar.
Thank you.
It’s locked.
Yes, I’m sure. Now, you stand guard, I’m going to…
Just keep an eye out. I’ll have this open in
a minute.
When I was starting to do magic in junior high,
I thought I could be an escape artist like Harry
Houdini.
Pretty good. I managed to escape friends, popularity, and every
party thrown in a twelve mile radius. There. Ready?
What?
Yeah, so?
Don’t worry, I’m one step ahead of him.
Are we good?
I don’t know. The solution to an equation?
What kind of secret does Sheldon have to encrypt?
It’s paprika.
Forty-three. What is forty-three? Besides my mom’s neck size.
That stuff’s radioactive.
Ah, it took him two years to put together that
Lego Death Star, I’m not worried.
Why would you know that?
That’s forty-two, dumb-ass.
We should stop. I’m exhausted.
Not me.
Sounds good.
I have to know!
Okay, picture’s up. Looks like the camera’s working.
It better be. It’s the spare camera for the Mars
rover.
Million dollar camera, ten dollar lock.
What the hell is that thing?
Wormhole generator test?
Oh, my God!
Yeah, really sorry.
But what are you doing in there?
Hey, fellas, what’s going on?
Oh, they’re not the same thing.
Thanks. Guess who picked up his new car this morning?
Yep. For as long as I can keep my mother
out of it. If you want to check it out
later, it’s parked right out front, space 294.
Yeah.
Sheldon, someday, if you get a car, I’m sure they’ll
give you another parking space.
Fun story. Meanwhile, you still don’t have a car.
Are you listening to yourself?
Nope.
Give it back.
My Iron Man helmet. Koothrappali saw you take it. Give
it back.
Sheldon, that is a five hundred dollar limited edition collectible,
and I want it back.
Fine. I’m taking your diploma.
Hi Sheldon.
He wasn’t using it. And I needed a nice cool
piece of leather to wiggle my naked ass on.
Give me back my Iron Man helmet.
You don’t need a parking space. You don’t have a
car.
Well, we appear to have reached an impasse. And you
know, I have to say, I thought you’d be more
upset that your laptop is sitting on my junk.
What the hell are you doing?
Okay, you need to move now.
You can’t stay there forever.
Those aren’t gonna help you, Sheldon,
I’m warning you, Sheldon!
Get out of my spot.
Would you please talk some sense into your lunatic roommate?
It’s not just a parking spot. He can’t handle the
fact that I’m a bigger deal than he is now.
Can you believe this guy?
Oh, like you’ve never thought of doing that. Don’t hate
me just because I lived the dream.
What are you doing in there?
Stop that. You stop that.
All right. Sheldon, when this whole thing with the parking
space started, I had no idea just how much of
a crazy bastard…
I had no idea how much that spot meant to
you. Anyway, I called President Siebert and told him it’s
not worth fighting over the spot, so you keep it,
and I’ll park in the structure across the street.
Thank you.
Wow, okay. Well, thanks. I don’t know what to say.
You’re the bigger man, Sheldon.
I’d like to propose a toast, to burying the hatchet.
Turtle power!
Yeah, so?
It’s heebie-jeebies.
Not me. I’m having dinner with Bernadette and her parents.
It’s torture. Especially with her dad. We have nothing in
common.
Thanks, Sheldon. I’ll try that with my father-in-law.
Great, thank you.
So, how have you been?
Good. Fine is good. How you liking retirement?
I’m sensing a theme. You ever really think about the
Spider-Man theme song? How’s that dinner coming?
I like rare chicken. Let’s do this.
Death by chicken. That’s a pretty fowl way to go.
So, Mrs. Rostenkowski, you took that trip to the Grand
Canyon. How was it?
Had no idea you were the chatty one.
Okay, dig in.
Took the words right out of my mouth.
Oh, you like to fish?
Sure. I can hear it in your voice.
You know, I hadn’t thought of that. Help me.
No, no. We know each other well enough. He’s been
talking my ear off all night.
Well, hang on a second, Bernie. Next weekend, we have
that thing.
You know, the thing.
Great. Thanks for the help.
I’ve never even been fishing. This is gonna be a
disaster.
Do either of you guys know how to fish?
Come on, we must know somebody who can do manly
stuff like this.
Ew!
Really?
Okay.
I don’t know, for them to die of natural causes.
Fine. There.
Fine. Sorry, Mr. Worm. Sherm. Sherm the Worm.
No, I’m fine. Keep going.
Yeah, well, my quality father-son time was spending my adolescence
looking out the window waiting for my dad to come
back someday.
You’re right. Oh! I should do this.
Here we go. Oh!
Hi-ho, hi-ho, it’s off to fish we go.
No good? The guy at the sporting goods store said
these are what fishermen wear.
Wish I had known that before I posted all those
pictures on Facebook.
Wait, now we’re shooting things?
Sir, I’m flattered that you invited me, and I really
want you to like me, but I don’t think this
trip is the way to do it. And I can’t
return these things if there’s chunks of duck all over
them.
Because Bernadette made me.
Really? Your wife makes you do stuff? You’re a big,
scary cop.
So, what do we do now? They expect us to
go away for the weekend.
No, but I’m not a stranger to dice games. I
was the Temple Beth-El Hebrew School Yahtzee champion.
Really? Thank you, sir.
Okay. Oh, boy, we’re just married to a couple of
ballbusters, huh, Mike?
Great couple of gals.
But I have to go. We play as a group.
If-if I’m not there, then everyone will blame you. They’ll
be all, Bernadette ruined everything. She’s the worst. So, you
see? I have to play Dungeons and Dragons for the
marriage.
I’m your idiot. Forever.
Pirate with a peg leg?
I follow the ogre tracks, checking for secret doors along
the way.
Okay, guys, let’s make a plan, spell casters in the
back, warriors in the front.
Can we please move this along?
Excuse me, I’m a married man now. I wasn’t going
to say anything so juvenile.
I walk up to the large chest, bury my face
in it and go “blublublublublublublublu”
Who the hell is Svaty Vaclav?
What are we supposed to do?
Never heard of it. Must be the one Christmas song
not written by a Jewish guy.
That was amazing, Sheldon.
Done?
Good story.
Great. Let’s do it.
Yes, we found Santa. Christmas is saved. Don’t ever tell
my mother I said that.
Wait, what are you doing?
Oh, come on, that can’t be true.
What’s going on?
You look like my little cousin when he’s dropping one
in his diaper.
Huh. I just got called in to Human Resources.
I don’t know.
Do you really think you should be drinking right now?
I don’t know. Seek professional help?
Wait, you got called in, too? What is going on?
Oh.
Relax. Everything’s gonna be fine. Before I met Bernadette I
was in here every other day. Uh, little tip, turn
off your I Like Big Butts ringtone before you go
in.
Hey, Janine. How are Tom and the kids?
That is not true. All I did was build a
robot.
I’m sorry, I’m a feminist, I don’t notice things like
how many breasts a robot has.
Has it really only been ten miles?
Look, Leonard, there’s a bridge. Drive off it.
We’ve got our costumes in the trunk. We could go
there and have a little photo shoot.
Come on, guys. Let’s do this.
So what’s our first pose going to be?
Sheldon, how is that a fight pose?
Okay, what’s next?
Oh, my God. Leonard, someone’s stealing your car!
Son of a bitch.
Oh, so is mine.
Car.
Good idea. Why don’t you get started on that?
I wish my mom was here. We could all hang
out in her shadow.
We’re not with him.
Okay, I just talked to my mom. She arranged for
us to get a rental car.
I’m with Leonard. I’m done.
Maybe Thor’s Hammer is a new colour of nail polish.
Let me see.
Leonard, you can get a little asthma inhaler.
You’re still out, right?
Well, I wanted everybody to know I love my wife.
And nobody to know I forgot to turn off the
laser.
Easy. His family’s loaded, and Bernadette has a great job.
My wife came with both fun bags and money bags.
Oh, man. Look at my nose.
What?
I can’t believe I wasted all that money.
Get that waste of money out of my face.
Please, I’m working.
Oh, yeah? How’s that?
I have always wanted a 3-D printer.
Yeah, but they’re so expensive.
Well, the prices have been coming down.
And we can make stuff we need for work with
it. Prototypes of my CAD/CAM designs, specialized tools…
We don’t need Malibu Koothrappali’s dream house.
Do you realize, by owning a 3-D printer, we are
reclaiming the manufacturing process and taking jobs back from sweatshops
in China?
Eh, what can you do?
Amazing. You realize these things go for 25 cents a
pop at a party store.
Okay, give me a superhero pose, and I will scan
you into the computer for your action figure.
Stop holding your stomach in. I’ll give you a six-pack
with the computer.
All right, you can suck it in a little bit.
Oh, good, you’re home. Got a little surprise for you.
Say hello to my little friend.
I know, right? And, thanks to photographs and a little
3-D modeling, here comes the bride.
I thought you might.
Didn’t cost a thing. I made them myself.
Koothrappali and I bought a used 3-D printer for $5,000.
Not just for a couple of dolls. For as many
dolls as we want. And whistles.
It’s kind of dawning on me now.
What are you talking about? We make plenty of money.
Yes, but we’re married now. That means, when you get
sick, I take care of you. And when you make
a bunch of money, I get to buy stuff. Sorry
if you don’t like it, but that’s how love works.
Yes. And can you please make that out to Bernadette?
I was taken off the joint account until I learn
the value of money.
Tell me about it.
Nah, I blew my food allowance on Pokemon cards.
Great. Come on in.
It’s my suitcase. I lent it to you two years
ago.
No, just me, her and a couple of the big
wigs. It’s part of a bonus she got.
Not exactly. They spent a ton of money developing this
dandruff medication that had the side effect of horrible anal
leakage.
Anyway, it was Bernie’s idea to rebrand the stuff as
a cure for constipation.
Hey, I got a favour to ask.
My mom’s been kind of an emotional wreck since that
dentist she was dating dumped her.
She’s huge. It was funny. Anyway, I was just hoping
that maybe you could check in on her tomorrow night
and make sure she’s doing okay.
Really? What do you got going on?
Yeah, tell me if this sounds familiar. You pay fifteen
dollars to park, you stand on the pavement for an
hour until you break down and give the bouncer twenty
bucks to let you in. You push your way to
the bar, where you drink an eighteen dollar cosmopolitan, then
you stare at a pretty girl and imagine your perfect
life together. Your children, grandchildren. Meanwhile, she leaves with a
guy who claims he wrote Beverly Hills Chihuahua. Then you
give up on anyone ever loving you, go to Marie
Callender’s, buy a pie and eat it in your car
in the parking lot.
I told her around seven.
Hey. How’d it go last night with my mom?
What time did you leave?
What? You spent the night?
You wore my pyjamas?
Okay, Raj, listen to me. You need to get out
of there.
If you don’t leave now, she’ll use food and guilt
to keep you there for the rest of your life.
Trust me, you’re not Jewish. That’s how they get you.
Oh, really? Where are your clothes and your shoes?
Here’s some more ice.
What were we thinking? We should have just done it
the regular way.
Honestly, if I could bend that far, what would I
need with you?
Hey, Raj. What’s up?
You’re still at my mother’s?
Hey, you wanted a woman in your life. Now you
got one.
Gee, I wish I could tell you no. All right,
well, thanks again for helping me out.
It’s too late. We’ll see him at his Bar Mitzvah.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay! Okay.
Bernie’s a little cranky since she’s been working, like, 17
hours a day. And I’ve got a lot on my
plate, too, because I’ve been busting my tail playing Assassin’s
Creed.
Yeah, one second. Come here. I want to show you
something.
Well, I was trying to come up with something really
romantic to give Bernadette for Valentine’s Day since she’s been
such a pain in the ass.
Check it out. I used the atomic force microscope in
the material science lab and wrote our initials in a
heart one one-thousandth the size of a grain of sand.
A micro-valentine for a microbiologist.
Mmm, about twelve hours. I pulled an all-nighter.
Yeah, I know, it really took a bite out of
my video game time. What are you and Penny doing?
Oh, that’s not bad, but as far as romance goes,
I think my gift hits it right out of…
Yes, please.
Sorry we’re late.
Terrific. Couldn’t be better.
Look, we can still have a nice night. Just tell
me where it is.
She hid my Xbox like I’m a child. Yeah, and
my mom got me that for my birthday, so if
you don’t give it back, I’m telling.
I said I’m sorry.
I told you, turn them inside out.
Yeah, maybe tonight. But a year from now, he’ll be
crawling under the sink looking for his Xbox. Well, he
will.
Me, too. How about we blow off dessert, go home
early, I’ll do that laundry.
I love you.
So where’d you hide it?
Damn it, it’s in the washing machine.
I’m telling you, something’s wrong. I can always feel it
when Raj is in trouble.
You in there?
We’re worried about you.
You didn’t kill her and chop her up, that’s not
what we’re smelling, right?
I’m sorry. That’s awful, but come on, you got to
shake it off.
Oh, you’re kidding. Let me see. Well, I’ll be. Look,
you can throw in a couple steaks and have a
surf and turf.
Now what?
He’s just decided he’s never leaving his apartment again.
He’s upset because he can’t get anywhere with women.
You’re the one? Okay, let me tell you something. That
guy you blew off happens to be my best friend.
Okay? He was devastated.
Okay. But I gotta warn you, Raj is a proud,
passionate man. If you go running out on him again,
you’re only gonna get, like, three or four more chances
before you are history.
Come on, she came back. This is good news. You
should celebrate.
Not even a little? I mean, we could have a
pants party. Go put some on.
Oh, come on, Raj.
Boy, I want to tell you it’s her loss, but
you are not making it easy.
All right. Well, I’ll see you around.
Okay.
All right. Thanks for ruining lobster for me.
I got whine.
Come on, if I was any good at convincing women
to do stuff, I wouldn’t have spent so much of
my twenties in the shower.
Oh, I did spend a lot of my shower time
with Lieutenant Uhura.
Van Nuys pole-dancer D.D. Melons. All right, I think we’ve
really helped women today. Let’s fire up the old Xbox.
So, you think I’m one of the smarter kids?
Not to mention she has mammary glands that could nurse
a family of 30. And have enough milk left over
to open a Baskin Robbins.
Maybe I could call my old middle school, see if
we can talk to some of the female students.
What exactly are you looking up?
No!
Well, they’re actually pretty excited. I’m their most famous alum.
If you don’t count the serial killer who ate all
those prostitutes.
Yeah, last time I was here, I was just a
scrawny little nerd.
So many memories. I mean, how many times in these
hallways was I tripped, punched and spit on? Oh, look,
here’s my old locker. I have a masters in engineering
and I still can’t figure out how Scott Kapinski got
me and my briefcase to fit in there. Hey.
Nothing.
The thing to remember is you can go to outer
space, too. I mean, look at me. I went to
this very school. Those desks you’re sitting in, I was
once superglued to one of them.
No, but I did go to the International Space Station.
No, but I was in the rocket. I didn’t actually…
No, I’m an American hero. Your uncle brings people nuts,
okay?
Quick, pull the fire alarm. Let’s get out of here.
Bernie, I’m home. You have fun today?
Please be Cinderella. Please be Cinderella.
Milady.
You said clean up. I’m cleaning up.
Hey, you can tell me what to do or you
can tell me how to do it, but you can’t
do both. This isn’t sex.
They’re just coming over for dinner. No one’s gonna look
in the closet.
Could work out. For all we know there’s a toilet
in there somewhere.
You know what we should do? We should show the
closet to Sheldon.
Are you kidding? He’s like a savant at organizing. Everything
in his apartment has a label on it. Including his
label maker, which has a label that says label maker.
And if you look really close at that label maker
label, you’ll see a label that says label.
No, we wouldn’t ask him. We’d just show him the
closet and let the goblins in his head take it
from there.
Hey, guys, come on in.
Colour’s fine.
You know, if he really wants to stay and finish,
I can give him a ride home.
Juggle.
Whoa, you opened this?
I couldn’t be less interested. Now, come on, I’ll take
you home.
If I wanted to know, I would’ve opened it years
ago. The closet looks great. Let’s get out of here.
Do whatever you want.
Yeah, I just couldn’t sleep.
It’s this stupid letter.
No.
Of course I’m curious. I haven’t seen the man since,
oh, I was a little kid. And a letter shows
up on my 18 th birthday? What’s that about?
He abandoned me and my mother. Why does he deserve
a chance to explain anything?
Something I should have done a long time ago.
Yep.
I do. Great. Neither one of us is tall enough
to reach that.
Ridiculous that we still have to walk up all these
flights of stairs.
I am.
What?
Sheldon, I swear to God, I’m gonna kill you.
What? Us? Who else knows?
So everybody knows what’s in that letter except for me?
How could you do this?
No, I don’t want to know. I mean, I do,
but… I got to go.
In here.
It’s okay. Sorry I ran off like that.
Uh, pictures of my dad and me when I was
a kid.
I got to tell you, as angry as I am
at Sheldon for blabbing, he did a hell of a
job organizing this closet. Look at this. Photos of Wolowitz
family before father left forever. Check out nine-year-old Howie with
cornrows. Neither race was happy to see me with those.
Why?
Oh, honey, I am in no mood to have sex
tonight. I’ll lay there if you absolutely have to have
it, but… Oh. What are you guys doing here?
Oh, yeah, what’s that?
Nice try. That’s the plot for Goonies.
Really?
Hmm.
Yeah. I’m terrific.
Actually, I don’t want to know. I want all of
them to be true.
That’s pretty cool. Thank you, guys.
Me, too. If I’d known we were gonna be dancing,
would have worn my flats.
We thought my 90-year-old grandfather had reverted to an asexual
state, but the lawsuit from his Jamaican caregiver proved us
all wrong.
Hey.
Yeah?
That’s terrible.
Show a little compassion, a man died.
You Ph.D’s gonna go suck up like Kripke?
Money from family does come with strings attached.
Asthma attack?
You guys going to Professor Tupperman’s memorial?
Yeah, you wouldn’t want to look like you guys are
brown-nosing the tenure committee, who will all be there. Oh,
yeah, that’s what I was hoping for, meerkats.
Ooh, meerkat fight!
You could talk some smack about his mother.
So is tenure.
I think you’re gonna be really happy with this security
camera. The optics are great, it’s got infrared technology, and
there’s even a backup battery when the power goes out.
Why can’t you just watch porn like a regular guy?
I need your laptop so I can configure the software.
What?
Cool. Anything juicy?
You know what’s going on, don’t you?
I can’t believe I have to explain this. People change
names on blogs to protect their privacy. Roger is Raj.
Keep reading. What does it say?
It’s exactly what it’s like. Keep reading.
Oh, I think we were looking at creepy in the
rearview mirror when I put up that camera.
Should I go?
Ready to go to lunch?
Yeah. Let’s go.
What’s going on?
Just a little? That’s great.
Oh, geez, why do you girls always want to talk
about things? Listen to me, if she’s writing about your
relationship, use it to your advantage. Rig the game.
Is it fair that girls like confident, normal guys more
than nervous weirdos?
So take what’s in that blog and use it to
get her pants off.
The key to her heart. That’s nice. Were you quoting
someone or is it tattooed on the small of your
back?
Hey, what’s up?
However long you think the foreplay should be, triple it.
I don’t know. Go with hockey.
Why don’t you put her in a kennel?
To be honest, she’d do better in the kennel. I’ll
talk to Bernie. I’m sure it’s fine.
You mean the guy who used to host that lame
kids show?
How’d you get him to come to your house?
You know if you had a stroke, she’d eat you,
right?
Okay, so what do I need to know to take
care of her?
Classy dog.
I feel for ya. I’ve got a psychotic mommy, too.
She really tuckered herself out at the park, huh?
It was kind of fun throwing a ball and not
having anyone laugh at me.
Yeah, that’s what I was doing.
Really?
Of course we can. Especially if our baby’s as calm
and quiet as little Cinna… Son of a bitch, she’s
gone.
I don’t know, she didn’t leave a note.
No, I wasn’t. You were.
Yes, you were!.
Cinnamon!
Good thinking. Cinnamon, come to Daddy.
Nice.
When this all blows over, remember that voice. It’s kind
of a turn-on.
Cinnamon!
Well, maybe with the first one. But kids are like
pancakes. The first one’s always a throwaway. How’s this look?
It’s not her. I just googled foo-foo little dogs. It’s
Raj. Stay quiet. Hey, bad timing. Bernadette just took Cinnamon
out for a walk.
What?
You have her?
I’m really sorry.
Nice guilt trip. You are gonna be an amazing mom.
The ladies are away, the boys will play.
Come on, are we gonna sit around chatting like a
bunch of teenage girls, or are we gonna play D&D
like a bunch of teenage boys who are never gonna
have sex with those teenage girls?
Isn’t every conversation you two have awkward?
Ready whenever you guys are.
Okay, here we go. You find yourselves in an overgrown
old forest. Before you is a giant oak tree with
a face on it that looks a lot like Nicolas
Cage. He says, Travel with caution. These woods are home
to the bones of many a fallen hero.
We’ll be fine, watch. Suddenly, a spectral shape rises from
Koothrappali’s bloody corpse, and says, don’t worry, buddies, ghost Raj
will help guide you through the forest. Well, I’m just
a tree, but if I were you, I’d listen to
your ghost friend.
Uh, it does.
What are you doing back?
A satanic fungus that looks suspiciously like Al Pacino rises
from the forest floor and says, You’re playing D&D. You’re
playing D&D. This whole apartment is playing D&D.
Okay, here we go. You find yourselves face-to-face with two
hulking ogres. What are you doing in our dungeon? You
shall die!
What do you do?
The dungeon master’s supposed to roll.
Uh, fifteen or higher.
Seventeen, the larger ogre is dead. The-the other ogre says,
you killed my brother, now Ogre Thanksgiving is ruined.
The dragon falls from the sky, crashing into the volcano.
But wait., he’s not dead. He crawls out, spreads his
wings and prepares to attack.
Fine. You’d think, after all these years, I’d know not
to fly over volcanoes. I’m a freaking idiot.
It’s a hit. The dragon collapses to the ground.
Mother? Is that you? Your little boy is coming home.
Oh, yeah? Well, when we get home, I’m gonna take
you on a whole different adventure.
Oh.
Ooh!
The love spell takes effect. When Sheldon looks at Amy,
she is the most beautiful half-orc he’s ever seen, and
he’s overcome with a desire to rip her armour off
and gaze fondly at her four hairy breasts. When Amy
sees Sheldon, he looks, well, just like Sheldon, because apparently
she’s into that. What do you do?
Leonard, I may have gotten you a job.
No, in a couple of weeks, Stephen Hawking’s team is
sending an expedition to the North Sea to test hydrodynamic
simulations of black holes. One of their experimental physicists dropped
out, and I recommended you.
Yeah, I’ve worked with Hawking. I talked you up. He
knows your research. I think this could happen.
Are you kidding me? How often can you say bon
voyage to somebody when they’re actually going on a voyage?
Hello, Amy. Nice to see you. What can I say?
It’s funnier with the accent.
What the hell? I thought I was your best friend.
Calm down, Bernie. You’re very scary.
I’m proud of you, Leonard. Working out on the North
Sea for months, that’s really something.
Maybe your lifetime. I went to space.
You’re right, you’re right. I’m really proud of you, and
I’m gonna miss you when you’re gone. And space beats
water.
Cheers.
It was really nice of you to try to be
happy for Leonard.
It must’ve killed you when I went to space.
Buddy, you okay? Oh, man.
Raj, I can’t come to the party. This is all
just too much for me. I don’t think we should
see each other any more. Sorry. Lucy.
