Oh, my God, that's amazing! Wait, uh, tell me everything.
You know what? I'm gonna go there and tell her
that they're engaged now and that her little plan didn't
work.
Too far away, can't hear you.
Hello, Ramona.
Why are you sitting by yourself? Oh, that's right, Sheldon's
in New Jersey being engaged to Amy.
Now that Sheldon's out of the picture, I could give
you one more chance to go out with me.
You sure? I will not ask again.
Very well. I'm going to leave before this gets awkward.
Hey, Stuart.
I need to buy an engagement gift.
It's for Sheldon and Amy.
Yeah.
Tell me about it. I'm the one who caught the
bouquet at Leonard and Penny's wedding.
Hmm. You know what? Why am I buying them a
gift? They have love. Screw them and their happiness. What
do you have for someone who's bitter and alone?
They're my friends, and I should be happy for them.
A-And I'm trying, but all I feel is this gnawing,
empty sensation in my gut.
Cool. Uh... It's just... it's hard talking to my other
friends about this, but I knew you would understand.
Because you and I are both alone, which is actually
kind of comforting, because at least we can be alone
together.
Really?
Forgive me if I'm having trouble being happy for you.
Hey.
Hey. Amy, welcome back. Oh, l-let me see the ring.
This is going to be the biggest smackdown since my
Aunt Noopur showed up at the family reunion wearing the
same sari as my cousin Sruti.
Sheldon's right. I would never ask a woman if she
was pregnant, unless she tells me or I see a
human being wiggling out of her.
I read an interesting fact about elephants.
Uh, probably not.
Let's just try to be supportive.
Hey, how's it going?
Okay, calm down. Everybody just cool it.
Hey.
So, what do you want us to do?
Boo-hoo. You know what you sound like? Babies. Two whiny
babies. And there's nothing worse than being stuck with two
whiny babies!
No, no, no, no. Babies are great. You're lucky to
have two babies. I mean, look at me, uh, I'm
all alone. I'm never gonna have babies, Because you can't
make a baby watching Netflix with your dog.
We get it. A lady loved you. Quit bragging.
The only part of me that's been to Brazil is
my bikini line.
Even beyond the grave, he's imparting wisdom.
I love that.
Bernie!
Hello. Rajesh.
Oh, you were born in Trivandrum. Have you ever been
to the Kuthira Malika Palace?
Me, either. What a small world.
Oh, yeah, you know, if you and Bernadette want to
talk about America, that's cool with us. Here, let me
get you started. Hamburgers. Am I right?
Well, I am an astrophysicist, so if you ever go
out at night and look up at the stars, that's
kind of my office. He sells comic books to children.
Yeah, yeah, Stuart's struggling financially. But he doesn't let that
get him down. He believes in himself. Even though the
whole world has made it clear he should not.
Yeah, well, you live with her.
I'm just saying, you should bow out.
Uh, because we all know how this is gonna end.
Okay, look, I think that she and I have more
in common.
Yes! And the next time we meet a woman who's
pale and cadaver-like, she's all yours. STUART
Okay, how about we flip a coin?
Oh, fine. Let's hang out as friends and see what
happens.
Here you go.
Oh, yeah, he is. I love him dearly, yeah. Not
to say that I don't worry about him.
You know what? I'm talking out of school. Speaking of
which, he's allowed to live near them now.
Yeah, Stuart. Yeah, I did... I didn't think you were
gonna make it.
Oh, yeah, so glad.
Which clearly means I want this more!
L-Look, Ruchi and I are really hitting it off. Please
let me just have this one!
Oh, you just missed Stuart's funny story about the fungus
he can't get rid of.
Just a little? Because I can work with that.
Yeah, I totally understand. But if you were gonna date
someone, would it be me or Stuart? RAJ
Come on, you can't really be disappointed.
He just ran out of man things. He's in trouble.
Yeah. You do always know how to pick just the
right antacid.
I had three model rockets as a kid, and that
was the largest space program in India.
Ah, yes, disappointing fathers. Tell me about it. I remember
for my 16 th birthday, my dad bought me a
Mercedes. Like, a little one, like a starter Mercedes. He
had barely handed me the keys before he had to
rush back to work. I didn't see him again till,
like, pretty late that night. HOWARD
Yeah, I guess I'm an astrophysicist because, as a kid,
I said I like to look at the stars, so
my dad sent me to Hawaii to visit the Keck
telescope. Screw you. My pain is real.
No, they were bonding over their sad childhoods, and my
stupid parents were always there for me. What's all this?
Oh, well, slow down. I'm sure there's some you could
reuse for a boy.
Okay, well, what if we, uh, change it to say,
"Daddy's little girl magnet"? Boom! Boy shirt. BERNADETTE
Uh, okay. Uh, pull off the skirt, slap a lightning
bolt on the front, and you got baby Flash. Ooh.
Stick a long sleeve under it. Boom! Baby Sheldon.
Oh, please. This isn't my first time turning girl clothes
into boy clothes.
Yeah, that.
Oh, hey, hey, what do you think?
But that's a baseball bat with two little baseballs. Okay,
and now I see it. So, you know, I understand
why Howard is nervous about having a son, but are
you really upset about it?
Of course it's wrong. You don't know what this little
boy's gonna be like. Maybe he'll be rough and tumble,
or maybe he'll be sweet and sensitive, or maybe he'll
be all those things, like me.
You bet I am, bitch. But I'm also sensitive and
regret saying that.
I used to have the stuffed raccoon from Guardians of
the Galaxy, but Cinnamon licked it raw.
I did. But it's not a competition.
Hey, Bernadette.
Oh, I know, he's been in the lab every night
this week with his work wife.
Don't be snippy. I came to see how you were
doing. Like, uh, do you need help with anything?
No, I meant emotionally. How are you feeling?
Well, still snippy.
And I can fit into the pants I wore in
high school. Come on, we don't need to lie to
each other.
Well, I think I know why he's been working so
late.
Well, well, well.
You say you're busy as bees, yet here you are,
dancing. Although I suppose bees do dance, but their dance
lets other bees know where the pollen is, and yours
does not. So my logic, despite that slight detour, does
track.
I stopped by to see if you wanted to go
to the movies with me.
Yeah, but our weird relationship was grandfathered into their marriage,
and yours was not.
Guys, you won't believe this. I stopped by the university
to check in on Howard and Amy, and they were
having fun.
What are you talking about? Howard hates doing chores.
Hey, what are you working on?
Well, of course I'm here. I know what you're going
through.
I did, but then he came over here.
This is great, the two of us hanging out. Why
didn't we think of this earlier?
I'm stress eating. My best friend's getting a vasectomy tomorrow.
Mm. You know who'd make a great Professor Proton? Meryl
Streep.
Uh, then explain to me why she has chemistry with
literally everyone.
No, I'm very nervous.
Yeah, we got this.
Really hurts, huh?
Okay, uh, this is a bit awkward. It says here
that I need to check the area for redness and
swelling.
Uh, in case you haven't noticed, Indians aren't too big
on birth control. There's probably, like, a million more of
us since we started this conversation.
Sheldon, no one's gonna do that.
What if the reboot is great?
It's hard to argue with him.
Hey, uh, who's free tonight?
Hey, you use that collapsible bowl all the time, and
you know it. And it's not like that. I just
thought we could, you know, hang out and go to
a bar.
And watch cricket.
That sounds interesting.
Did you just come here to complain?
Ooh, that's Ravichandran Ashwin. He's amazing. He makes Hardik Pandya
look like Bhuvneshwar Kumar.
Hey.
Are you here by yourself?
You're more than welcome to join us if you'd like.
Thanks.
Uske taang pay ball kar.
Well, no, she's telling the bowler to bowl a yorker.
It's the most brutal ball in cricket.
Well, I was there, too! What a coincidence!
Yeah, India, right? Everywhere you go, there's, like, 120,000 people.
Isn't that the truth? You know, I was the best
leg spinner in my high school? Yeah, like, I bowled
the meanest googly.
Good morning! Scones?
Well, there wasn't a lot of sleeping involved. I mean,
she slept, I stayed awake. I was afraid of snoring
Because I didn't have my special pillow.
Yeah, I'm sorry. I know you liked her, too, but
we just bumped into each other last night and hit
it off.
Oh, thank you, Stuart.
What's there to screw up? She just wants to keep
things casual.
Hey, I can be casual.
So Ruchi and I decided to keep things casual.
What? What? I can handle casual.
Why do you keep doing that with your face?
Because you keep saying stupid things with yours.
Okay, fine. I'm not great at casual relationships, and I
don't want to scare her off.
That's crazy. What if I see a sunset that reminds
me of her?
What's the rubber band for?
No! Get out of here! Sorry about that. I just,
I hate when someone assumes two people are dating just
because they look like they would make beautiful babies together.
Honestly, Ruchi, I don't have a lot of experience with
casual relationships. I have some experience with serious relationships and
a ton of experience with no relationships.
Glad it came off that way. Uh, so tell me
about your day. How's work going?
Sounds wonderful.
Well, if he wasn't your soul mate, he wasn't your
soul mate.
One of whats?
Come on, you don't believe that everyone has one perfect
match?
Yes, you would. I can give you, like, 20 examples
where that happened to Kate Hudson alone.
No, no, no. No, it's-it's fine. Are you saying that
you don't believe two people fall in love?
Yes. Like the old song, "When a man has a
biochemical reaction for a woman."
Yes, it does. Actually, it takes everything away from it.
Love isn't just science. Okay? It's-it's spiritual. It's an acknowledgment
of a mystery that's greater than ourselves. It's what makes
people write songs and poems, and what has kept The
Bachelor on TV for 21 magical seasons.
Uh, yes. But I've never missed an episode, and I
dare science to explain that.
I mean, Ruchi's nice. We're just so different.
What's the point? We're never gonna be in a real
relationship.
Exactly. Why would I want to spend time with someone
like that?
Yeah.
What is there to get? She doesn't want to fall
in love. At that point, all we are is two
single people who find each other attractive and enjoy having--
Oh, got to go!
I mean, I did get a little misty when we
said good-bye, but I played it off as allergies. I
don't know if she bought it.
Sheldon? You okay? Sheldon.
Can we start the movie?
All right! Who's excited to see a documentary?
Yeah, he electrocuted an elephant named Topsy just to make
himself famous. If I had an elephant named Topsy, he
would want for nothing. Also, he'd be named Jumbo.
Hey. Hi.
Yeah, just turn off your brain and let your uterus
do its magic. It's the star of the show now.
Hey. I just got your text. Everything okay?
Oh, Bernie, I'd be thrilled.
Okay, that hurts, but luckily I know how to breathe
through it.
She's not that kind of a person. She's-she's generous and
charitable.
Yes, that's my favorite charity.
And if she is up to anything, what are you
gonna do?
Uh, okay, what you're saying sounds nice, but the way
you're saying it is causing my testicles to take cover
in my abdomen.
Ah, that was fun. Put her there, buddy.
You're the one who wanted to keep things casual.
Not the way I do it. So, um... how was,
how was your day? Like, how's-how's work?
Well, she's-she's not gone. She'll be back soon.
So it turns out Ruchi is totally trying to take
over Bernadette's projects.
Yeah, yeah, we had just made love. It was so
beautiful. Our caramel-colored bodies were entwined like erotic taffy...
Oh. Uh, sorry, uh, yeah. I-I asked her about work,
and she just admitted she has her eyes on Bernadette's
projects. Can't believe she would take advantage of a pregnant
lady like that.
What do you think I did? I made small talk
for 20 minutes and had s?x again.
I don't know. If I do that, she's gonna confront
Ruchi, and then Ruchi's gonna stop sleeping with me.
Can't or must?
I want you to know, I did what you asked.
I talked to Ruchi and found out what's going on
at work.
No, not trying to, sounds like it's a done deal.
Here, have a brownie.
Okay, don't take this out on Ruchi. Is she trying
to take your job? Yes. Is she parking in your
space? Yes. Did she get a laugh at a meeting
yesterday by calling you "Pregnadette"? Big one. But you would've
done the exact same thing, and you know it.
Oh, please. Wh-What about that guy Eric, who you told
it was "Bring Your Cat to Work Day" when you
knew your boss had asthma?
All I'm saying is before you attack Ruchi, maybe you
should take a long hard look in the mirror, because
you know what you'll see-- apart from radiant skin and
luxuriously thick hair? Hypocrisy!
Mm?
I don't know. I always feel better after a good
cry.
Yeah, uh, listen, I think she might be a little
threatened by you, you know, because you can tie your
own shoes and laugh without peeing.
No. I mean, well, kind of. But it's okay. She's
just hormonal. And, you know, don't worry, I stood up
for you.
Look, I care about you, and you can say that
this doesn't mean anything, but the truth is we're in
a relationship, okay? And you're gonna have to figure out
some way to deal with it.
I can't believe she dumped me. This is tough for
me, Because I can. Sorry things worked out like that.
Because I'm in pain or because you don't have a
spy anymore?
Why are they making four more Avatar movies? It's not
like the first one is even that good.
Hey.
This is awkward. I was actually gonna return this.
I-I finished it.
Really? All I can remember from seven years ago is
I couldn't get Kesha's "Tik Tok" out of my head.
? Tik Tok, on the clock... ? Whoa, welcome home,
Kesha.
Wow, and at, like, $5,000 apiece, that's...
Sheldon, you must remember.
I can't believe you haven't seen Avatar yet. What is
wrong with you?
Because you're afraid Penny will leave you for someone in
them?
Wait, what's Bitcoin?
I'll buy some Bitcoin. I just came into a little
extra money when my dad raised my allowance.
Yeah, I'm in.
Hey, Stuart. You want to mine some Bitcoin with us?
We'll write the program, you bring the snacks?
You said that someday we'd regret this.
Uh, well, as a responsible adult, I'll put that money
into a CD, wait for that CD to mature, and
then buy a tiger.
Wow, I-I knew you were single back then, but that
is a lot of p?rn...
I don't see the Bitcoin on here. Hey, maybe it's
in that folder marked "Private and Confidential."
Mining for coins sounds so manly. Ooh, we should sing
a mining song.
I don't know. Does "Tik Tok" by Kesha count? Because
it has tunneled its way into my heart.
What kind of music?
Well, let's go.
Uh, we have a bunch of Bitcoin on an old
laptop, and it could be worth, like, a lot of
money.
All right!
Come on!
Which breakup was that? Was that the Saint Valentine's Day
Massacre?
Well, they would really blur together if we didn't.
Uh, not to brag, but all my breakups have lasted.
Oh, this is so exciting!
Never even crossed my mind.
What, y-you stole our Bitcoin?
Hey, I need some fashion advice.
Actually, Leonard told me Penny was over here?
I, uh, do have a date... with science.
The Griffith Observatory is looking for an astrophysicist to consult,
and I have an interview tomorrow.
I just want to make a good first impression, and
thought maybe you could help me pick out an outfit?
I'm sorry. I left my magic clothes at home.
Uh, it doesn't matter. They're talking to a bunch of
people. I probably won't get it anyway.
You know, before I came to America, I was filled
with confidence. What happened to me?
Well, hey. Hey, Howard.
Hey, guys.
Very funny. I have my interview this afternoon.
Oh, what's going on here is I'm up for a
job at the planetarium, and Howard is making fun of
me.
Oh, thanks, yeah. I'd be in charge of developing and
narrating all the planetarium shows. And I really want this,
so it wouldn't kill you to be more supportive.
Hey, Dad.
Uh, not so great. They asked me what my biggest
weakness was, and 45 minutes later, they thanked me for
coming.
I would tell you, but apparently it takes 45 minutes.
Howard doesn't mean anything by it. I-I think it's cultural.
His people come from a very sarcastic village called Brooklyn.
Well, I-I guess...
Come on, Dad! That's just our relationship, okay? He makes
Indian jokes, and I laugh, but, you know, with angry
eyes so he knows it's not okay.
If you're talking about Mom, I don't want to hear
it.
Oh, I just get so nervous, and then I start
apologizing for being nervous, and... You guys don't want to
hear about this. I'm sorry.
Oh, my God! You sound just like the woman at
the interview!
Ugh. Maybe. Hey, Leonard, do you think your mom would
be available?
Well, my dad thinks it's because Howard's always making fun
of me.
Well, so you're on his side?
You know what? I think we're both done being disrespected.
You know what? I don't think so.
No. That. That right there. That's the reason. You're always
making fun of me.
See? No wonder I don't have any confidence.
Why not? 15 years of constant ridicule. I-I think our
relationship has become toxic.
I think you and I need to spend some time
away from each other.
Get out!
Hello.
I'll sit there as soon as you leave.
Well, "sorry" doesn't make up for years of emotional abuse.
Hello, friends!
Uh, nothing. I just decided to stop straightening it.
When I first moved to America, I wanted to fit
in. And Howard's hair was straight, and he was the
coolest person I knew.
You know what, I-I don't want to talk about Howard.
I came here to celebrate! Yeah. I went back to
the planetarium and told them they were making a huge
mistake, that I'd be perfect for the job. I was...
I was charming, I was confident. And they gave it
to me.
Yeah, plus, it turns out the guy they hired got
busted at a sketchy massage parlor.
Yeah, I was on my way to tell Howard, and
then I remembered I wasn't speaking to him, so I
came over here.
No. No, actually. I don't need his negative energy in
my life right now. Standing up to him was-was hard,
but it made me realize that I can do anything.
And, yeah, it's a little sad, but, you know, life
is all about...
Do we know if there's life in the methane plumes
of Enceladus or under the icy surface of Europa? Come
back on Tuesday for my next show to find out.
Spoiler alert
Oh, thank you. I was so nervous, my armpits are
like a swamp.
Of course you can. Ooh, that went well. Ask me
another.
Uh, that's a complicated question.
A-Also a complicated question. Because I want to say yes,
but if I drink coffee this late, then I'll be
up all night.
I would love to.
Hey, guys.
Howard.
Excuse me.
I-It's me, Sheldon. He-He's calling me a baby.
Big talk coming from a guy holding an Archie comic
book.
I have an extra ticket to the opening of The
Last Jedi tonight. It was gonna be Howard's, but you
can have it.
Mm, I'm in.
Are you kidding me? You're not gonna invite me to
Halley's birthday? I'm her godfather; that means something.
Don't worry about it Because I'm done putting up with
him!
Thank you. I'd really like to be there.
What?
So-so-so you're just apologizing because you need something?
Well, that's very insulting.
No, I will not help you. But I will help
Halley. She's my goddaughter, and I love her. And I
have a lot of party favors left over from Cinnamon's
birthday, so... I hope she likes things that squeak when
you chew on them.
Uh, if I had more time, I could have gotten
the Blue Man Group. One of them goes to my
dry cleaner. Who, by the way, hates him.
Well, it's not for you. It's for Halley.
Hey, what's going on?
But they're the whole reason the cupcakes are vegan!
Those are the only other people you invited? What about
the kids from the Daddy and Me class?
Don't blame the party! You know how many favors I
had to call in with my bounce house guy to
get Wonder Woman?
Technically, it's a Chinese knockoff called Happy Strong Swimsuit Lady.
Well, you can sit here and sulk if you want.
I'm gonna go celebrate Halley's first birthday. Which I planned
with no help from you.
It's a bounce house! I'm gonna go bounce in it!
Well, I worked really hard on this, and you haven't
even said thank you.
You are welcome! And thank you for mocking me for
all of these years!
Why are you being such a jerk?
Well, you're my best friend and you hurt my feelings!
Well, I can't believe you shoved me!
It was! Do it again!
Okay, now at the same time!
Yeah, okay, this time, knees, then feet.

I'd love to see her.
Hey, just-just hold the gate still while I screw it
in.
That's funny. I always thought Howard was nature's way of
saying the Wolowitz line ends here.
Really? That sounds great. How do I get that?
Well, no fair! I SoulCycled this morning. I'm entitled to
a pile of fat rice.
You didn't make him feel bad, did you? Actually, he
was laughing.
Yeah, I like to think so.
Nope. Don't want to hear it. Do not like to
engage in gossip.
Is it about his special underwear? Because I already know.
And that's all I'll say. Fine, it has a charcoal
filter in it.
No, no, no, no, no. Uh, Aunt Orange can't sit
next to the bar without Ms. Pink saying, "Jesus thinks
you've had enough whiskey."
Yeah, the other day, Sheldon made me take him to
the train store. We didn't go inside. He just said,
"Nicely done," and then we went home.
Wha-- they're rating us.
Me neither.
Is that it?
You picked Stuart over one of us?
Well, that's actually kind of sweet.
Hey! Look what I got everybody.
Oh, please. I'm glad they broke up. Otherwise, Justin would
never have brought sexy back.
They reviewed my planetarium show. Yeah. It's on page three
of the Arts and Leisure section.
Guys, it's under "Things to do this weekend."
That it's a thing to do this weekend.
Okay. Hey, uh, what do you think we should open
our show with? Uh, "Thor and Doctor Jones" or "Let's
Get Astrophysical"?
Great, yeah. Uh, let's give it a try.
It's cool. We don't need volume to rock. Instead of
blowing the roof off this place, we can gently lift
it off and set it quietly down in the backyard.
Okay. One, two, three, four. Holmes said to Watson On
Baker Street Come on, Doctor Time to move them feet
Sing it with us. Sherlock, Sherlock Sherlock around the clock
RAJ
Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock around the clock
You guys do anything fun after dinner?
Who won?
Wow. I bet that made Penny take off all of
her clothes. Put her pajamas on and then go to
bed early.
Yeah.
Hey. Oh, are we still on for band practice this
evening?
Dude, the gig is, like, next weekend.
Okay. I-I guess I'll have to cancel. Toby Greenbaum will
have to become a man without us.
Okay.
Oh, I bet Bert could do it. He plays guitar.
I'm gonna go ask him.
So it's about rocks?
Isn't that the same thing?
Is that fact in the song?
That's right up our alley. Let's hear it.
Micaceous schist
Yeah, I'm six tons of granite and, uh, micaceous schist
Yeah, I'm six tons of granite And, uh, micaceous schist
Yeah, I'm six...
So, Bernadette doesn't mind?
Toby, today you are a man, and you will face
many obstacles in life.
But if you steal my idol I will roll right
over you
Cause I'm six tons of granite And micaceous schist Yeah,
I'm six tons of granite And micaceous schist
Cause I'm six tons of granite And micaceous schist Yeah,
I'm six tons of granite And micaceous schist
Space is the mirror of the soul. Are we looking
beyond, or are we looking within?
When we gaze out at the immensities of space, we
understand them because there are immensities within us as well.
I'm Dr. Rajesh Koothrappali, and thank you for taking a
walk with me... through the stars.
Absolutely. And if you post it on social media, I
suggest the hashtag "Koothra-poet."
Well, I can't take all the credit. I have pretty
good co-stars. The stars.
Only to beautiful women. And okay women.
Uh, just to clarify
Thanks for coming. What did you handsome gentlemen think of
the show?
It's sweet of you to say, but I don't think
I can.
Well, since we're sharing pictures, I have one to contribute.
It's not. But don't swipe.
Well, that's me and a beautiful woman and my watch
showing the time as 2:30 in the morning.
No. I met her at the planetarium a few days
ago, and she invited me out for a drink.
Kutta.
Bow-bow. That's Hindi for woof-woof. I am seeing her again
tonight.
Good morning.
Aw, you didn't have to cook me breakfast.
Well, I wasn't sure how I did last night, and
I wanted to finish strong.
Ah, well, you say that now, but wait until you
taste this.
Which is why I keep an omelet pan in the
trunk of my car.
Oh, uh, y-you were married.
Is that "technically," like, the paperwork hasn't gone through, or
"technically," like, he's in the closet watching us right now?
Of course. Uh, you know, my secret to making great
omelets is that I beat the egg whites separately. Speaking
of which, how long have you been separated?
That is not a lot of weeks. In fact, that's
the bare minimum to get to the plural "weeks."
Oh. Good. Yeah, do you mind me asking what he
does for a living?
Oh. Interesting. A potentially jealous man who's handy with an
ax. It's-it's okay, though. He's almost had two weeks to
cool down.
So I guess what's bugging me is that they only
broke up 13 days ago, and now I'm dating her.
So, am I, like, the good guy in my movie,
or the bad guy in their movie?
I like her, okay? I just, I-I don't know how
I feel about being the third wheel in a relationship.
Guys, I mean, he's around, okay? He's apparently not happy
about the breakup, and based on the sweatpants he left
at her place, he's, like, a medium to large man.
Oh, no. I mean, do you think it's too soon
for her to be dating? If you and Bernadette broke
up, like, how long would you wait?
I am Dr. Rajesh Koothrappali, and thank you for taking
a walk with me... ...through the stars.
Yeah, you're right. I totally felt it. Should we, uh,
run it again?
Hey. Can I help you? Which one of you is
Rajesh Koothrappali?
Oh, uh... h-here's the thing-- I didn't know that she
was married until after...
I'm... I'm really sorry.
Wh-What would make you feel better?
Done. Nice to meet you. Bye.
Hey, buddy, do-do you want to talk?
It's gonna be okay.
I mean, besides that. Can I get you anything? A
glass of water? A laser show?
Oh, good. Because I don't, I don't even know how
to turn it on.
Don't say that. What you two had was special. No
one can replace you.
No.
Stay.
Look, if it makes you feel any better, I barely
know her.
Nell tells me you're a fireman. What's that like?
He was best friends with her older brother, but he
didn't even notice her. And then years afterward, they randomly
bumped into each other at the DMV. Two hours later,
they were in love. You can really see the sparkle
in his license photo.
No, no, we went to House of Pies. He got
banana cream. I got coconut. We did halfsies.
I feel bad for him, Bernie. He's a, he's a
good guy.
I don't think the s?x is the problem. I know
for a fact I was just okay.
This is nice. It is.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm sorry. Yeah.
Sorry, I can't do this.
I met Oliver the other day.
No, that would be weird. He tracked me down, then
we spent the evening together.
He-he only did it because he cares about you.
Really? I didn't get that at all. He made me
feel very comfortable.
You know, I don't think that you're being very fair
to him.
No, but I should point out that he did offer
to go to counseling, so at least one of you
is trying.
I'll tell you what, just give him one more chance
and if it doesn't work out, I'll be happy to
keep sleeping with you.
Either way, you've got yourself a fella. Like, how nice
is that?
...to the stars.
Hey, buddy.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I know exactly what it was. I... no, actually, there
was a couple of things it could've been. Whichever one
it was, it was creepy.
I am so happy for you! Hey-hey-hey. Hey, uh, we
should celebrate.
You know it.
Do we have to?
I don't know which Hemsworth is playing Logan Dean, but
I know it's a Hemsworth.
So a young Paul Giamatti.
Oh, there was a funny detective show in India called
Karamchand. He had an assistant named Kitty, and he was
always saying, "Shut up, Kitty!" Sounds less mean if you
say it in Hindi and don't think of women as
having feelings.
Hey.
I thought you were boycotting Wil's show.
Second, it's not Amy, it's everybody.
Yeah. Like just now I wanted to get a croissant,
but I didn't want to hear you say, "Ooh, la,
la."
Sheldon, Amy knew what she was getting into.
Yes, we warned her.
Yeah, of course you can.
Gryffindor.
Yeah, you will.
You know what? A little soda water might get that
right out.
How's Bernadette holding up?
That's not fair! She's on bed rest. She can't run
away.
Hmm. Is that true?
Hey.
Yeah, you did.
Yeah, absolutely.
I'm telling you, there's an acupressure point right above your
ankle that can induce contractions.
Oh, please, Bernadette. I'm sure this-- okay.
Nothing. Your ankles look fine, and not at all like
I just popped open a can of crescent rolls.
Hey! I brought Chinese.
What about Sherman? Like, Sherman Wolowitz.
Ooh, like "Koothra-Paul-I."
You can't name him Ranatanata.
Should we take two cars?
We've heard your names. They're ridiculous. And I have a
cousin named Dilip.
How many kids do you guys want?
What?
It's almost 2
I'm calling them.
Hey, everything okay?
Dude, why didn't you call me?!
Grown-up boys, too.
Well, if you guys need help, I'd be happy to
come over.
Bye. Ah. Boy, seeing them all together like that has
got my biological clock ticking like crazy.
I do.
Hey.
Huh, didn't go with my calligrapher. Interesting.
Guys, May 12, that's exciting.
So, how has it been, being home with two kids?
Oh, like Pilates, yeah, got it.
I don't know, I was raised by servants, and look
at me.
Well, on one hand, they filled my tub with scented
oils and brought me honeyed sweets; on the other hand,
I spent my twenties incapable of talking to women. So
you know, pros and cons.
Wait, does Bernadette want to stay home?
Wow, I admire you, Howard. I-It would be hard for
me to buck traditional gender roles like that.
Yeah, because she's hot, not because she sings my truth.
Yeah, tell me about it. The kids could've screamed bloody
murder and you wouldn't have woken up. Which I know
because they did.
Hey, don't beat yourself up. Parenting is hard. Like, I've
seen and smelled things today that I cannot unsee or
unsmell.
No, I mean he only drinks milk. Like, where are
the colors coming from?
Uh, it's almost 6
Uh, kids are asleep.
But why do they still call Batman using the Bat-Signal?
Wouldn't it just be, like, easier to text him?
Uh, because I always score.
Penny, remember when I introduced you to 100 calorie Dove
bars and you said you owed me, like, big-time?
Right, smart. Is that long enough?
What would you do if you had a billion dollars?
I didn't know that came in a boys' medium.
That's a fun new game, CEO or h?.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh,
my God.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
It's fun for us.
Yeah, you did, like, a lot.
Wha-- Leonard, that's terrible.
But what if we're not?
Halley bit me.
Except for you, Sheldon. You're eating crow.
Oh, this is the life. What could be better than
this?
I'll give it back.
You're such a prude. Do you know all the things
this water's touching right now?
Hey, Howard, look. What's that?
Oh, no. Do you think it was spying on us
in the hot tub? Because I'm only 40% of the
way to my beach bod.
Oh. Do you think you could fix it?
Yeah, that's probably a good idea.
Yay, we got a drone!
Oh. Yay, we got a drone.
Dude, you're like Grey's Anatomy for robots. Also, why isn't
that a show?
We should name it.
The drone. The show's already got a name-- General Bot-spital.
Oh, oh! Let's play William Tell. I'll put this bowl
on my head. See if you can knock it off
without hitting me.
Oh, please, Bernadette, this is not a children's toy, okay?
This thing's got an HD camera on it.
I hope there's nothing disturbing on there.
Oh, that's plenty to go on. We can't give up.
We got to find her.
Not just because she's cute. She also owns a pretty
expensive drone, which means she has money and doesn't mind
wasting it. And I... I like that in a woman.
Hmm, is it? Hey, Howard, zoom in.
Yeah, I know you're being a jerk, but it's actually
helpful.
Wha... s-so, she's a customer?
Wait, do you know how to find her?
Oh. Hey. Please, let me bring the drone back to
her.
It's meant to be.
Okay. Don't be weird. Don't be weird. Don't be weird.
Hello.
Yeah, yeah. Yes. It took a while to track you
down, but to see the look on your face, it
was worth it.
Rajesh.
Ah, pleasure to meet you.
Oh, oh, no, you don't have to do that.
How about your phone number?
Thanks. So, I'll-I'll call you, Cynthia.
Uh, sure. Just checking.
I know, right? How amazing would it be if this
worked out and the story of how I met my
wife started with you and me in the hot tub
together.
Whatever. I have a good feeling about this girl. Like,
we really hit it off.
Because we have to give it back to the beautiful
mystery girl.
I mean, did you see how hot she was? I
want to get all up on that and start making
babies! I know exactly what underwear I'm gonna wear on
our first date. None!
If Bruce Banner's driving a rental car and turns into
the Hulk, do you think he's covered, or does he
need to add the Hulk as an additional driver?
Didn't he go crazy and cut off all contact with
people?
He seems a little paranoid.
I get it-- and you want me to go and
keep Howard safe.
Sounds like it's just on regular time.
This is nice. The four of us haven't taken a
trip like this since Leonard's bachelor party.
Well, this place is creepy.
Well, did you see his vegetable garden? Heirloom tomatoes in
April. Creepy.
Hey...
But when you do, you-you let them out, right?
Oh, my God, this tomato is amazing! I can eat
it like an apple.
You understanding any of this?
Sheldon's right. This guy, this guy's brilliant.
I think Sheldon might.
A-And can people other than you see her?
Sounds good.
Probably not.
Really? You don't want to stay for dinner and talk
more science?
Yeah, I'm gonna use Leonard's. Might as well hold my
hand up like this and squint.
This baby's got a ten-inch diameter with f/10 ACF optics.
What, more powerful than adamantium?
Good point. Strong as a metal and fierce as a
fashion choice.
Oh, man, I can't believe Neil Gaiman came in, and
we weren't even there.
One second.
Hey, uh, Penny, do you want to check this out?
All right, just, uh, look through here, and if you
want to take a picture, just push that button.
It could just be your eyelash.
Okay, well, uh, take a picture. Let's see.
Hmm. I do see something.
I don't know. Maybe it's a comet.
Guys.
So, guess what. That indeed was a comet last night,
and it turns out, no one's seen it before.
Oh! What do you mean you discovered it?
Actually, we can't.
Because when I filled it out, it asked for name
of discoverer, and I put "Rajesh Koothrappali" because... because that's
who I am, and that's what I did.
And you thought it was a fuzzy streak. I mean,
do you even know what a comet is?
I honestly don't think that that qualifies as a discovery.
Because I told you to! Like, if a monkey took
the picture, did it discover the comet?
Well, I'm sorry she's upset. But she didn't discover it.
But I already told everyone at work that I did
it. My boss was so excited, he started calling me
Captain Comet. Which is better than his last nickname for
me
I, I, I can't do that.
You don't understand. Leonard, I need this. My last big
discovery was
This is all my fault. I brought this upon myself.
I'm a bad scientist. I'm a selfish person.
Thank you. You're a good friend, Leonard.
I'm sorry.
I know, but I heard your footsteps coming up the
stairs, and they sounded angry.
And you have every right to be, okay? I was
being... I was being a jerk. We did this together,
and I hogged all of the credit. And after you've
been such a good friend to me over the years.
Like, I wouldn't even be able to talk to women
if it wasn't for you, so... so I'm... I'm gonna
make sure that your name is on the comet.
Even if it's professionally embarrassing. You know, or maybe put
me on thin ice at work. I may lose my
funding. I still, uh... still want to make this right.
That worked way better with Leonard.
Hey.
Ah, you should have been there; dessert was bananas. Sorry,
that was misleading. The dessert was pie, but the pie
was bananas. Actually, the pie was cherry, but the taste
of the pie was... bananas.
One second, one second. He's got a point. In order
to corroborate your string theory research, you'd have to create
a black hole. Wouldn't that destroy the Earth?
What did I do?
You just have to wait for science to catch up
or technology to get cheaper. Think about, uh, DVD players--
they used to cost, like, a thousand dollars, but just
the other day I used one to smash a bug.
Ooh, if it's one of those booths where we can
throw a pie at you, I'm in for, like, 20
bucks.
I like tuna fish.
No.
You ever thought of going to Vegas?
Las Vegas?
Anyone seen Sheldon?
You don't think he actually went to Las Vegas, do
you?
So am I gonna be, like, the only single guy
at Sheldon's wedding?
I got to find a date. I don't want to
be that sad single friend that everyone looks at with
pity.
Sheldon, what's going on?
Hey, why didn't you invite him in the first place?
I get it; I grew up with lots of brothers.
My brother Adoot was especially mean.
Yeah, sure I have. He's the one who left the
door open when we were kids, and my pet mongoose
ran away. Stupid Adoot.
Hey, did I tell you? I found a date.
Uh, to coffee. But if things go well, Sheldon and
Amy's wedding.
I'm running out of time. Wh-Wh-Why can't there be a
service where you can just pay someone to be your
date for the evening?
No, no, no. Y-You wouldn't be paying for s?x. I
mean, obviously if things went well, it could lead to
s?x, but, but the money is for, like, you know,
her time and companionship.
Stop saying that.
Yeah. Probably shouldn't have done that.
It was going well until my eye dripped in her
latte.
If you know a welder, that could be your "something
borrowed."
Yeah!
Me, too! Bacterial?
Same! I-I know this is gonna sound crazy, but... would
you be interested in going to a wedding with me?
Oh, like the new Avengers.
My pleasure, Mrs. Cooper.
I don't think it's racist. I noticed you were both
white.
Oh, yeah, congratulations on baby number two.
You don't say.
Hey, guys, look who I have.
Uh, she wanted to stop by the hotel and freshen
up, and then call her pastor to pray for Missy's
soul.
If you're talking about Fun with Flags, I use it
to go to sleep.
Oh, my God. Is that Mark Hamill?
Bert, go find your seat! W-What is he doing here?
Wait, I-I thought Wil was officiating the wedding.
How did he take the news?
So, yeah, Mr. Mark? When you were on the, uh,
Wookiee home planet, how did you even understand what they
were saying?
