 Sheldon, stop. For the last time, I will not bring home bed bugs.
 Because I looked in the bed, and there are no bugs.
 Good night. No, I will not consider sleeping in my garment bag.
 Oh, brain lesions are fascinating. Unless they’re yours, then they’re a drag.
 And to the sick and dying who make it possible.
 Which is fine, but it’s nice to mix it up with a little intellectual conversation.
 Oh, my gosh, boys bought us drinks, boys bought us drinks. Thank you, thank you, thank you so much.
 You be cool. Guys are hitting on us, and not just to get to Penny.
 So what happened? How’d it go?
 So I can drink this without having to give up the goodies?
 And why would no one blame me?
 Well, it sounds like you’re saying that I could do better than Sheldon.
 No, tell me, I want to know what you meant by that.
 And your husband is extremely Howard. What’s your point?
 We could, but unfortunately my brain is lesion-free and I remember that rotten thing you just said about my sweet baboo.
 Sure.
 Your husband’s weird and his clothes are ridiculous.
 Mm-hmm. It was rather flattering to have strangers send us drinks.
 Maybe tomorrow morning we put on some hot pants and see if we can score us some free omelettes.
 I think I would have gone with the short one with the goofy haircut.
 Not my guy. I caught him staring at my rack. It’d be nice to be with a man who wants to know what’s underneath my cardigan. FYI, it’s another cardigan.
 Your brainy virgin kind of sounds like Sheldon.  Good night.
 Oh, and here’s a fun thing. I worked it out so that there are two different words for spoon, planko and janko. Planko is a spoon with food, janko is a spoon without food. Janko is spelled with a silent ptang. Sheldon, you’re not even listening to the rules of my made-up language.
 Then what does tweepadock mean?
 Lucky guess.
 What happened?
 What?
 I don’t think Penny would cheat on Leonard.
 You’re being ridiculous.
 Poor Leonard.
 Do you hear anything?
 Is it Penny?
 Yeah, like you know what kissing sounds like.
 Let me listen. Sounds like Leonard.
 No, Sheldon, don’t.
 Please leave me out of this.
 Hello, sailor.
 Driving Sheldon to work.
 Well, he’s mad at you, too. He says you’re the succubus who led his friend astray.
 Sheldon, your fight’s with Leonard. Penny’s got nothing to do…
 Really?
 You want to take the bus to work?
 FYI, I had a doughnut for breakfast, you jerk.
 We’re sorry, Rajesh.
 Scavenger hunts at Harvard were really tough. I always got stuck on the first challenge, trying to find someone to be on a team with me. I guess that story’s more sad than funny.
I'm in.
 Stop that. Penny is not a liability.
 Maybe we pick names out of a hat.
 I did them all the time as a kid. As my mom used to say, when you’re doing a puzzle, it’s like having a thousand friends. She was full of fun lies like that.
 I’m sorry you got stuck with me. I bet you wanted to be with Bernadette.
 No.
 I think this is the first time we’ve ever actually been alone together.
 Well, off the top of my head, I’d say we don’t have a lot in common except for the people we’re involved with. Plus, when we first met, Penny warned me never to get into a car alone with you.
 Such as?
 Uh, let’s see. I like harps, Little House on the Prairie, medieval poetry, medieval literature…
 Great. Sheldon never lets me listen to music in the car. He doesn’t want to be mistaken for a gang member.
 Beatles, boring. Eminem, scary. Weird Al? How old are you? Neil Diamond?
 I love Neil Diamond.
 Sweet Caroline, bum-ba-da, good times never seemed so good, so good, so good, so good. I’ve been inclined…
 Yes, it’s not a ruse to make fun of me. It’s a real game and I’m winning it.
 Oh, oh, that’s good. Then this would be.
 To the Neil Mobile.
 They’re coming to America.
 They’re coming to America… ?
 Today! Today!
 Ain’t no big surprise.
 And I’ll tell you some lies.
 There’s a Neil Diamond concert next month.
 She got the way to groove me.
 She got the way to move me, honey.
 She got the way to groove me. She got the way to move me.
 She got the way to groove me, yeah!
 It was good.
 I enjoyed it. When you told me I was going to be losing my virginity, I didn’t think you meant showing me Raiders of the Lost Ark for the first time.
 It was very entertaining despite the glaring story problem.
 All right. Indiana Jones plays no role in the outcome of the story. If he weren’t in the film, it would turn out exactly the same.
 No, I do, and if he weren’t in the movie, the Nazis would have still found the ark, taken it to the island, opened it up and all died, just like they did. Let me close that for ya.
 Hello, Sheldon. Is everything okay?
 Well, the last time you made an unscheduled video-chat, there was a curly fry in your regular fries and you thought someone might be trying to slip you a mickey.
 So what can I do for you?
 Really?
 That sounds lovely. Why are you rubbing your hands together?
 Of course I’m in.
 Good night, Dr. Cooper.
 I love Little House. It made me want to live on a farm so much I tried to milk my cat. That tangy bowl of Cheerios was not worth the stitches.
 You’re trying to get back at me for what I said about Raiders of the Lost Ark.
 Sheldon, we’re in a relationship. When you get angry, just tell me. You don’t need to seek revenge.
 Well, that’s not how we’re going to do it.
 I shouldn’t have said it. I’m sorry.
 Do you feel better?
 It’s actually steamier than it looks. Sheldon’s looking up the phallic symbolism of root vegetables in Renaissance paintings.
 Sheldon, I have some exciting news to tell you.
 I’ve been invited to consult on an experiment at your university for a few months. Isn’t that great? We could have lunch together. We could carpool.
 So, you’re okay with this?
 Well, this project would have us working in close proximity to one another. And there’s the vulgar adage that one should not defecate where one eats.
 Sheldon, don’t defecate where you eat means don’t have a romantic relationship in the workplace.
 Yes.
 I’m relieved that you don’t have a problem with us working together.
 I’m leading a study to see if deficiency of the monoamine oxidase enzyme leads to paralyzing fear in monkeys.
 Wait, you’ve, you’ve done this experiment on humans?
 I don’t mind. I’m hoping to put his love of repetition to good use someday.
 Sheldon. I already signed the contract. I cashed a cheque.
 No, we’re not good here. I am working on this project.
 Sheldon, you don’t have to worry about me bothering you. I’ll be in a different building. And we don’t even have to have lunch together.
 Yes. Before all things, I’m a scientist. I’m just there to do my work and, with a little luck, scare the living crap out of some monkeys.
 More and more sure.
 I didn’t ask for your permission.
 Gentlemen.
 And this is Dr. Gunderson from Stockholm.
 Where are we going with this, Dr. Cooper?
 Sheldon.
 Test subject D7, aka Betsy, fear response study. Image number one, Frenchman on bicycle carrying baguettes. No visible reaction. Image number two, sousaphone. Still no reaction. Okay. Let’s kick things up a notch. Image number three, crocodile with a mouthful of monkeys. Okay, now we’re talking.
 What do you want, Sheldon?
 Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry. Sorry, uh, better?
 Determining baseline fear levels in capuchin monkeys by measuring their response to visual stimuli.
 I can’t leave now, Sheldon. I’m very busy. Besides, why would I want to do you a favour after the way you treated me in the cafeteria? Image number four, boa constrictor.
 You embarrassed me in front of my colleagues on my first day here. Image number five, kitten in a teacup.
 You know what? I don’t have time for this. Find another way home.
 Really? What tipped you off?
 Get out.
 Image number six, woman giving birth.
 Sheldon, what are you doing here so late?
 No.
 What do you want?
 Sheldon, you’re not a weirdo.
 What’s your point?
 I like you, too.
 Sheldon, too. If I see him at work, I’m just going to ignore him.
 Could be anything. Last time he was like this, he figured out electron transport in graphene. The time before that, he was making a list of who’s allowed in his tree fort if fe ever gets one. Still can’t believe I didn’t make the cut.
 Oh, I love that.
 I don’t think the Smithsonian’s gonna want your marker.
 Sheldon, I’m so proud of you.
 What’s next?
 And what?
 What’s wrong?
 What are you talking about?
 That Americans can’t handle the metric system?
 But the Chinese team found the element.
 So you just got lucky?
 You and me both, brother. It doesn’t matter. The element was found because of you, and that’s groundbreaking.
 You know, Sheldon, in neuroscience, we’re forever finding something in one part of the brain that we thought was someplace else.
 I’m not.
 Sheldon, I’ve been thinking about it, and you’re right. You don’t deserve any credit. All you did was misread some numbers on a table. A very easy table, too. Honestly, I’m embarrassed for you.
 Poor Bernadette.
 Sheldon, get over here.
 Sheldon.
 Shh.
 And he’d probably still live with his mom.
 And he’d definitely still live with his mom.
 Oh, we couldn’t have imagined how good our lives would get from the moment that we met you, Bernadette.
 Me? What did I do?
 Sorry.
 Oh, Sheldon.
 Can’t talk, in the zone.
 I’ve never seen him this happy before.
 Yes, and I’ve heard so much about you. Hey look, we’re wearing the same orthopaedic shoes. I can’t believe I dress like a celebrity.
 Sheldon, come on.
 Is it really worth getting upset about?
 Come on, he’s a retired kids show host.
 Have you ever thought about why Arthur didn’t want you to read his paper?
 Maybe he found you, um, a bit much.
 From what I saw the other day, I could understand why he and some people might find you…
 Doesn’t matter.
 Sheldon.
 This is fun. I’m going to feel like such a vixen wearing jewellery that doesn’t have a list of medications I’m allergic to.
 How do you not know how to use glue? Did you ditch pre-school?
 I’m making a bracelet.
 Actually, I’d kind of like to try that.
 Wow, Penny, good job.
 What are you working on?
 That’s sweet.
 Hello.
 So, what tools did you bring?
 Rajesh, do you want to make a bracelet for your mom to go with the necklace?
 They’re gonna have sex before Sheldon and I do, I know it.
 At work today, I did an in vivo stereotaxic surgery.
 Oh, my gosh. That’s the girl that broke Rajesh’s heart.
 We’re never getting our drinks.
 Not even close.
 You want to say sorry.
 You told Lucy he was a pathetic mess.
 I must say, Sheldon, you’re handling this DVD business with an impressive amount of maturity.
 Is there some kind of new coping mechanism you’re employing?
 I’m gonna go with sad. So what’s the story with you and this DVD?
 Seriously?
 I think the real question is, why do you waste your time with cheap, childish pranks?
 Sheldon, that was diabolical.
 We do. And I expect you to be on your best behaviour.
 Are you honestly comparing Thanksgiving dinner at Wolowitz’s mom’s with one of the greatest tragedies in the history of mankind?
 They’re real.
 No traffic, we’re sailing.
 Sheldon, that’s completely inappropriate. You can’t keep comparing yourself to a slave.
 It says here you can get an annulment if any of the following conditions are met. Were you unable to consummate the marriage?
 Is there any evidence of fraud, bigamy, want of understanding?
 Ding, ding, ding. We have a winner.
 Happy Thanksgiving.
 Sheldon.
 You need any help?
 Uh, sure.
 Did you guys know Penny married Zack three years ago?
 Ooh!
 I can’t believe Penny’s married to Zack.
 Broad shoulders, good hair.
 I know how you feel. Sheldon ignored me for a week when he got that Roomba vacuum. I kick it when he’s not looking.
 Zack’s here!
 Ooh.
 All right, mister, I think you owe Howard and Bernadette an apology.
 Thank you.
 Sheldon.
 Yeah, everything was delicious.
 I know you don’t like it, but every time you do an interview, it raises the profile of the university. That translates to funding.
 Sheldon, can I come in?
 No.
 Sheldon, you said you were unhappy getting attention for something you wished you never did.
 Sheldon, the point is Wil learned to embrace that part of his life and moved on to bigger and better things.
 Uh, we’re trying to cheer him up, so…
 Okay.
 Sheldon, it’s a beautiful night. Why don’t you and I go for a nice walk together?
 Thank you, Rajesh.
 You should probably go.
 A little early for alcohol, isn’t it?
 I’ll get the vodka.
 Well, I have an extremely low centre of gravity. I’m like a pyramid.
 Right now? Why?
 How come you never said she was pregnant?
 Can I give you a ride to the airport?
 Oh, it’s probably Sheldon. Hi, Sheldon. Everybody’s here, say hi.
 Yeah, kinda.
 That’s wonderful. So you’re at the hospital?
 Oh, I love that movie.
 It’s great. It’s Christmastime and Jimmy Stewart’s really depressed and he’s gonna jump off a bridge and kill himself.
 You make jokes about Sheldon, but if it weren’t for him, I don’t think any of us would be sitting in this room right now.
 It’s true. None of you would know me. You wouldn’t know Bernadette. You wouldn’t be dating Penny.
 Which couldn’t have happened if you didn’t live across the hall from her, which couldn’t have happened without Sheldon. Same goes with you guys. If Leonard wasn’t with Penny, she never would have set you up.
 Hi, Sheldon. Everything okay?
 Listen to me. That is not the way they usually look.
 And with Leonard out of the picture, we all know what that would mean.
 How’s it going, Sheldon?
 Where’d you go?
 Here’s another one. Penny, if it weren’t for Sheldon you never would have met comic book legend Stan Lee.
 Wait, did she die or did you kill her?
 It’s hard to say, my life would be so different.
 I don’t know.
 Happy birthday to me, happy birthday to me, there’s tears in the frosting, happy birthday to me.
 How’s it going, Sheldon?
 Yay.
 Come on, Sheldon, you should go.
 Well, you always complain that you never had an intelligent role model growing up, and now you can be one for your nephew.
 If that were true, I wouldn’t still be living alone. Well, not exactly alone. I do have a 50 pound sack of rice with one of Sheldon’s T-shirts on it.
 I wish I could believe you. I also wish there wasn’t a mouse living in Rice Sheldon.
 I don’t understand.
 Oh. Wow. I had no idea. He is so into me. Wait, wait, where’d I go?
 I am in the mix. And I’m the hottest one.
 That’s fine, she’s dead.
 Just really glad you’re back.
 I missed you.
 Did you miss me?
 Oh.
 Did you hold the baby?
 And? How did it make you feel?
 This is nice, that we all get to eat together.
 Hmm. Can we maybe put the phones down and have an actualhuman conversation?
 Congratulations.
 What’s the show?
 He’s wrong.
 Why?
 Just think of the first 245 as the prequel.
 Well, that makes sense. The prefrontal cortex is responsible for planning and anticipation, and patients with brain lesions on their…
 Sheldon, you scared me. That wasn’t funny.
 Okay, the notion that you can read a few books and come up with a definitive theory of comedy is absurd. I mean, humour is a complex neurological… Okay, that’s pretty good.
 I guess.
 Sure.
 I don’t think I want to go out with you anymore.
 Sheldon, how many words are you gonna go through?
 Hello.
 He’s home trying to use science to determine the basis of humour.
 It’s exhausting. Do you have any idea how hard it is to laugh at a knock-knock joke that starts with knock-knock-knock, Amy, knock-knock-knock, Amy, knock-knock-knock, Amy?
 Hello, Mr. Rat Brain. Not so bitey without the rest of the rat to back us up now, are we?
 Hey, what brings you guys here?
 Why? Because Sheldon’s not here this week, and you don’t think I have any other options? I’m just kidding. I’ll get my purse.
 That’s okay. Uh, Bert, this is Howard and Rajesh. Guys, this is Bert.
 This is so pretty. Bert works for the geology department.
 Oh, you forgot your quartz.
 He’s nice.
 What?! No, he doesn’t.
 So? He does that every day. Oh.
 He’s not my boyfriend.
 Should someone as lonely as you really be making fun of me?
 What do I do? I don’t want to hurt his feelings.
 I guess it hasn’t come up.
 I’m sorry. Who are you dating?
 Penny really quit The Cheesecake Factory?
 That’s nice.
 Hello, Bert.
 Listen, um, Bert, before you say anything else, I, I have a boyfriend.
 Weren’t you?
 That’s very nice of you, but I do have a boyfriend.
 No, that’s not true. My boyfriend has an off-putting personality, too. Like, way worse than you.
 Don’t say that.
 No, Bert, come on. I’d love to go to the mineral show with you.
 No, it’s not.
 So what am I supposed to do now?
 This isn’t funny. I’m gonna have to tell him the truth, that even if I didn’t have a boyfriend, I wouldn’t be interested in him.
 Well, how would you want a girl to tell you she wasn’t interested?
 Okay, I don’t have time for this. I’m just gonna go find him and be brutally honest.
 Really? You would do that?
 Thank you.
 Last week, you spent that on a little dress.
 Why can’t they do something sensible like Sheldon and start their own comic book convention? Also, who wants to throw me out that window?
 Oh. You mean like a museum?
 Ooh, afternoon tea, how sophisticated of us.
 There sure are a lot of little kids here.
 Well, last time I got dressed up and had tea was when I was five. Just me, my teddy bear, Raggedy Ann and my hamster.
 It was. Till my hamster ate all her babies. It got less cute really fast.
 Aw. Drinking in the afternoon, just like her mommy.
 On the bright side, every six-year-old there was jealous of my tiara. Not gonna lie, it felt good.
 Gosh.
 I think I have you both beat. Imagine trying to feel like a grown-up when you’ve never even been with a man.
 I told you it was Penny.
 Maybe the guys are right. I mean, we spent the whole night trying to be mature, and it was kind of boring. I’m sure they’re having more fun than we are.
 Item 28, your pet name for me. Time’s running out on this. You need to make a decision.
 I’m sorry, but Gollum and Flakey are not acceptable.
 We’ll come back to that one. This brings us to the final item in our annual State of the Relationship Summit. Item 29, Valentine’s Day.
 Before you get upset, I believe I’ve come up with a way for us to celebrate the occasion that we both can enjoy.
 I propose we spend a weekend at a bed-and-breakfast in Napa Valley.
 Come on, Sheldon. Why not?
 One step ahead of you, Bernadette and Wolowitz are going with us.
 I got you your own room.
 It doesn’t. I know it makes you feel like you’re bathing inside a monster.
 We’re going to have Valentine’s Day dinner on a fully functioning vintage train.
 An Alcoa FA-4 diesel locomotive leading a train of meticulously restored 1915 Pullman first-class coaches.
 Well, an evening looking at the stars, that’s still kind of romantic.
 I’m trying to put lipstick on a pig here. Work with me.
 What do you think, Sheldon?
 I’m so glad you like it.
 Uh, I think we’re gonna need a minute.
 See if you guys can guess this one. Bang. Splat. Thud.
 Why do I even try?
 It’s feeling like it never will.
 Why? Because my boyfriend’s off playing choo-choo with some weirdo?
 I don’t know what made me think tonight would be any different.
 Okay. I need to speak to my boyfriend in private, like, right now.
 Oh, give it a rest.
 Why are you still here?
 I’m being rude? You’ve been rude to me this entire evening.
 Leave.
 It’s Valentine’s Day. We’re supposed to be having a romantic weekend.
 Fine, it’s true. I deserve romance, and I didn’t know how else to make it happen.
 Sheldon.
 That was nice.
 Okay, have fun.
 Really? I do.
 Hey, you were funny on purpose, good job.
 Yeah. You actually do have room for one up there.
 I’m not surprised you want to end the relationship. I’m a little surprised you didn’t get AppleCare. Anyway, enjoy your life. Where do I sign?
 Oh, I’ve already moved on. Besides, this breakup has nothing to do with me.
 Of course not. This is just Leonard trying to take the focus off that dreadful table by sowing discord in our relationship. He’s manipulating you like he always does.
 All the time. And he knew that, as your girlfriend, I wasn’t gonna stand by and let him bring a table into your apartment. I mean, a table? Come on?
 Well, thankfully, I won’t have to see it, because I won’t be your girlfriend anymore. Amy Farrah Fowler. Why, yes, I would like to take a survey.
 Of course I was.
 I think if I were manipulating you, you’d be smart enough to see it.
 I think you’d be smart enough to see that, too.
 Which you also figured out by yourself.
 Which is stronger than ever.
 You don’t need to explain yourself to him.
 You’re sick of his nonsense and ready to move in with me.
 Damn it, I got cocky.
 Rajesh?
 Can I borrow it when you’re done?
 I think we’re gonna go.
 I think we’re gonna go.
 Really?
 Thanks for walking me to my car.
 Why can’t Raj find a girl? The mystery continues.
 Whatever happened with your online dating?
 Before I met Sheldon, I was ready to give up, too. Once, I even dropped in on my OBGYN just to get some human contact.
 Then I met Sheldon and look at where we are now.
 That’s true. Do whatever you want.
 Oh. Let me guess. There’s an undergrad in a leather jacket snapping his fingers by the water fountain.
 Oh, she’s cute. And smart. Phi Beta Kappa.
 Great, so what do you need me for?
 All right.
 Wow.
 No. You’re supposed to be yourself, not all desperate and creepy.
 Just say something normal like, I saw your profile. Looks like we have a lot in common, let’s get a cup of coffee sometime.”
 I’m not gonna pretend to be you.
 Well, what would I say to her?
 No. What’s up?
 I have.
 And I’m afraid she doesn’t think you’re right for her.
 I told her what a good guy you are, but she thought it was a bad sign that you didn’t write to her yourself. She thought it made you seem too shy and passive.
 Look, I’ll see if I can change her mind tomorrow night.
 I’m meeting her for coffee.
 Well, we just, we e-mailed back and forth a bit, and we kind of hit it off.
 No. We just ended up having a lot in common. We went to Harvard, we like Chaucer, we’re both hardcore into quilting.
 Look, I admit that it’s odd that Rajesh didn’t write to you himself, but if you get to know him, you’ll see he’s just a sweet, regular guy. As a counterpoint, here he is, uninvited and visibly sweaty.
 Are we still going to go to that Chaucer reading Friday?
 Should you really be sitting in Sheldon’s spot?
 Oh, hi.
 I don’t know.
 I’m leaving.
 Yeah, it’s Bloom.
 I think it might be fun to be someone else tonight.
 Oh, ugh.
 According to Wikipedia, Sherlock Holmes came first.
 Hey, I found something. It looks like a little man with a briefcase.
 That is so sweet.
 What’s it for?
 But why?
 Hey, I won the Nobel Prize in physiology, then I used the money to buy Stuart’s comic book store, and close it down so Sheldon would pay attention to me. Not the worst idea.
 What does your card say, Bernadette?
 Dun, dun, dun. He started it.
 I’m surprised you guys never talked about this stuff.
 Actually, our relationship agreement covers a wide array of scenarios, including career changes, financial instability, intelligent dog uprising. FYI, we plan on selling out the human race hard.
 Excuse me?
 It actually was kind of fun.
 Yeah.
 Of course.
 I’m sure it’s lovable.
 Okay.
 Oh, my gosh.
 No. No, it was a mistake.
 Now I think you’re flirting with the line. Good news?
 You’ll get offered something soon.
 Maybe you’ll get hit by a car and die. LOL, right?
 Can you get the butter, please?
 Then get the other one. Pass the butter.
 Fine, Sheldon. You have my undivided attention.
 No way.
 Well, you wouldn’t want your gaming system to overheat.
 Included?
 Why would they still be using DDR3? Are they nuts?
 Whoa, whoa. Wait a second. Who’s they?
 You’re kidding.
 This is a nightmare. How will you ever make a decision?
 Please pass the butter!
 You’re welcome.
 Uh, it’s date night. Aren’t you, uh, forgetting something?
 No.
 I’m proud of you, Sheldon.
 Well, that’s got to be a good feeling.
 Oh, crap.
 You were just a little kid.
 How old were you then?
 What’s a Zune?
 No, what are you doing? No, no, pick that back up. You know it’s good. You did the research.
 You know what? How about I buy it for you? How about I buy you both?
 Then I’ll buy you a new entertainment centre.
 How about this? I’ve heard that if you flip a coin, it will tell you how you actually feel. Because you’ll either be disappointed or excited by the outcome.
 So, heads it’s PS4, tails it’s Xbox One.
 What is it?
 Could have given it back to me. That was a choice.
 I can’t feel my legs.
 Let’s get you some food. You, You’ll feel better after you eat.
 What-what do you want, like, Thai food? A burger?
 Sorry I’m late. What did you do?
 Yeah, it’s cute. That’s the problem. I don’t need other girls to see him walking around like sex on a stick.
 Sheldon, your food’s getting cold. What are you doing?
 Maybe you could make your new field of study the calculation of nuclear matrix elements.
 I hope he’s this distraught if he ever breaks up with me.
 How does that happen?
 Come on, let’s get you to bed. You’ve had a lot to drink.
 That’s what I’m saying.
 I’m sorry, I just needed a break from hearing you obsess about what to do after string theory.
 But none of that means we don’t love you.
 I feel so bad about lying to Sheldon. How am I gonna make it up to him?
 Did you lie to Howard about tonight?
 And you don’t feel guilty about it?
 I know, it’s weird, right?
 Oh, no. I mean, this is weird right now.
 Is she still mad?
 A psychic? He considers them not just mumbo jumbo, but extra-jumbo mumbo jumbo.
 Because she has sex with you.
 Can I confess something? Once in a while, I get a little jealous of how close Penny and Sheldon are.
 I mean, not in a romantic way. It’s just, she really has some sort of connection with him.
 Don’t get me wrong, I’m glad they’re friends. I just wish he’d be that comfortable around me already.
 Really? What did you do?
 Well, I was just feeling so bad about lying to you the other night, I wanted to make it up to you.
 Watching your old friend?
 Do you want me to go to the funeral with you?
 Why not?
 Are you sure you don’t want to go say good-bye?
 And watching a bunch of goofy space movies you’ve seen hundreds of times isn’t?
 Arthur passing away was harder on Sheldon than he’s ready to admit. Really hoping this will cheer him up.
 No, it combines two of Sheldon’s favorite things, chocolate chips and the ability to destroy a planet at the push of a button.
 Okay, let’s get the fondant and start decorating.
 I wonder why that is.
 Did you ever watch Professor Proton when you were a kid?
 I never watched him, either, but he seems to be the reason that Sheldon got interested in science.
 That’s cute.
 Oh, I guess it must have been back when I was in the Girl Sprouts.
 My mom made it up as an alternative to the Girl Scouts. She didn’t want me selling cookies on some street corner like a whore.
 Oh, I went to the library and took out a book on biology to see what whores did.
 Hey, guys.
 Yeah. We were hoping it might cheer you up.
 Should we do something for her?
 Sheldon, we’re talking about your friend’s mother. She got hurt.
 Good for you.
 How many is that now?
Hello
 Atomic magnets?
 So, what are the living arrangements gonna be?
 Well, with you not working, that makes financial sense.
 They just don’t appreciate you.
 Here, I made you some Strawberry Quik.
 You know, this might work out for the best. I mean, you’re always complaining about what a terrible roommate Leonard is. Like how he turns up the thermostat when you’re not there.
 You hate the sound of all those keys on his key chain.
 See? Maybe you’ll love living alone.
 And if it turns out you don’t, you and I could live together.
 Sheldon, it was just a thought.
 It tastes the same.
 Hi, is Sheldon here?
 He was, but he stormed off and now he isn’t answering his phone.
 He was really angry that you suggested he move out.
 I also mentioned that he and I could live together but he was too mad at you to realize what a great idea that is.
 You’re probably right. So, what are you guys doing?
 That’s nice.
 Don’t I know it. What is that, polenta?
 Right.
 Okay, Sheldon, thanks for checking in. Talk to you tomorrow? Oh, okay, bye.
 Actually sounds like he’s doing pretty well.
 How could you let him go?

