 Good morning, husband. I can't believe we're actually married. 
 I don't think that that's appropriate, considering where we're starting our honeymoon. 
 Oh, that's the sound you were making. 
 Really? 
 Well, it is our honeymoon. 
 Harry Potter play, parts one and two. 
 Really, Sheldon? You want to do it again? 
 Socially sanc-- Oh, wow. Yeah, there it is right there. 
 Uh-huh. 
 Uh-huh. 
 At the risk of sounding redundant, uh-huh. 
 You know, I'm a little jet-laggy. Maybe we can revisit this in the morning. 
 Sheldon, do we really have to do this on a schedule? 
 I-I guess, yeah. 
 Really? Would it be so bad to mix it up a little?
 Where are you going? 
 Well, you don't have to worry about s?x happening tonight. 
 Don't. 
 Just let it go. 
 I'm not testy. 
 Okay, now I'm testy. 
 Don't talk to me about my brain. I'm a neurobiologist. 
 Sheldon, everybody's listening. 
 I-I'm walking away from you. 
 Hello. 
 A-Aren't you gonna eat one? 
 I'm not really hungry. 
 I know. 
 Sure. 
 Please put those down. 
 Where would I find a longshoreman? 
 Sheldon, I could never be with anybody but you. 
 How's this for a compromise? Make all the schedules you want, just don't tell me about them. 
 the generation of true random numbers remains an unsolved problem in computer science. 
 Where are we going? 
 But the good kind, like on  TV, not like my parents. 
 So, we got everybody gifts. 
 I told you.
 Sheldon, that's not how you write a thank you card. 
 "Dear Aunt Helen, thank you so much for the lovely place setting. If my handwriting looks strained, that is because this is the 16th thank you card Amy has forced me to write. The muscles in my wrist are cramping as I struggle to finish this sentence. Ow, ow, oh, the pain. Love, Sheldon." 
 This one is from Leonard and Penny. Aw. "The perfect gift for the perfect couple." 
 I wonder what it could be. 
 Oh. Isn't this nice? 
 You know, it's, uh, it's one of those... Nope, doesn't do that. 
 I don't want to lick it. You lick it. 
 Is it from one of your dumb sci-fi shows? 
 Sheldon... 
 Well, Leonard and Penny are our best friends. They know us better than anyone. They said it's the perfect gift. We must be missing something. You don't... think it's a marital aid, do you?
 I can't stop thinking about that present. It's driving me crazy. 
 Maybe we're trying too hard. Maybe it's something simple. 
 Way to make it simple. 
  No, you can't; it'll hurt their feelings.
 And they'll know you weren't smart enough to figure it out on your own. 
 Let's just go to sleep. We'll look at it in the morning with fresh eyes, and maybe it'll come to us. 
 Or we go tear apart that box and look for a clue. 
 Riveting. So, do you know what it is? 
 Okay, so it's quartz. That's got to mean something. What do we know about quartz? 
 Interesting. No "T". What is not "T"?
 Okay, this is where we first met. There's got to be a clue here somewhere. 
 Just pretend we're not here. 
 Maybe they left it behind the counter. 
 Sheldon, look, I asked the barista if anyone left anything for us, and she said to look in this lost and found box. 
 Because we were lost, and then we found each other. 
 Oh. And look at this. A locket. And that stone in front-- I bet it's quartz. 
 Nothing. It's empty. 
 This might be the best wedding gift ever.
 They thought of everything! 
 So we put a little picture of me and a little picture of Sheldon in it. 
 Exactly. 
 We wrote you a special thank you note.
 Hint
 Because we locked you out of your Wi-Fi, and the answer to this is your new password. 
 What?
 Hey. Wait a minute, what about us? I mean, we're married now. Maybe we want to buy the house next door. 
 You can buy new ones. 
 You're really letting your father pick out a wife?
 Hi, Leonard.
 What the hell, Penny?!
 You're not having kids? How could you do this to me? 
 Because your kids were supposed to be friends with my kids. Who's gonna be friends with them now? 
 Oh, sure, because Sheldon's DNA plus my DNA equals a kid who knows how to make friends. Grow up! 
 Screw Leonard! We were supposed to get pregnant together. We were gonna be barf buddies. We were supposed to massage each other's perineums with vitamin E. 
 I guess I could live with that. What is gonna be hard is letting go of the dream of us breastfeeding each other's babies.
 Hey, whatcha doing?
 Oh, that's nice. Wait, I'm still in them, right? 
 Who's that next to my father?
 And why are they at our wedding? 
 Oh. You got an e-mail from someone named Tam. 
 Uh... looks like he's coming to give his son a tour of Caltech. He's hoping you guys can meet up. 
 Well, that is the gist of the e-mail. Who's Tam? 
 Really? Why have I never heard you mention him before? 
 I don't think you have. 
 I didn't just drink the crazy milk, I bought the crazy cow. 
 Hey, did you guys know that Sheldon had a best friend growing up named Tam? 
 No. He's a real person who apparently betrayed him. 
 I tried to ask him about it, and he invoked section three, article five of the marriage contract beeswax comma none of your. I can't pry. I mean, I have to respect his wishes. 
 Hi. 
 Let me guess. This thing with Tam escalated, and now you're mad at Leonard and looking for a new best friend? 
 I can be. 
 Just tell me what happened. 
 No. I'm-I'm shocked and outraged. Now, tell me why I'm shocked and outraged. 
 Aw, I remember when you gave me those pamphlets. 
 That must've been scary. 
 But then you did. And great friends. If you think about it, if Tam had moved out here with you, who knows what your life would've been like. 
 It's for our super-asymmetry theory. 
 So I'm gonna place the sensory isolation helmet on you for about five minutes. All you need to do is sit still and relax. 
 Oh, the helmet will sense that and stop the experiment. 
 No, but that would be cool, wouldn't it? 
 I've got a subject wired up for a sensory study. 
 Yes, I'm busy.
 I'm tracking a subject's brain activity in real time as we introduce olfactory stimuli.
 That's just my husband. 
 Well, I-I want to see it, but not when I'm in the middle of an experiment. 
 Look, I'm really excited about our paper, too, but I've got a lot of my own work to catch up on, so let's talk later. 
 Dr. Park, may I help you? 
 Oh, uh, allow me to rephrase that. What the hell are you doing in my lab?
 N-No, that-that's crazy. This is my research.
 No, not... Not now, Sheldon, I'm dealing with an epic screwup, and when I find out who's responsible, they're gonna get an earful. 
 You got me removed from my own project?
 Sheldon, you had no right. What-- I thought you said you were spread too thin. You said that you wished you had more time to focus on our research. I thought I was helping. 
 Well, you're not. I mean, I have years invested in this work, and now someone's gonna come in and take it over? I mean, how would you feel if I let Leonard take over your super-asymmetry project? 
 You had no right to reassign my project. 
 Sheldon, this is your fault.
 So I can have my project back?
 Why not?
 I don't think that's what he was doing. 
 What? What's wrong? 
 Why not?
 Sheldon, go to sleep. 
  You cut that out! 
  Sheldon... I just really don't want to talk to you about this right now. 
 No, you were being selfish. You're being selfish right now because it's really late and I just want to sleep. 
 Are you sure that's what he said? Close your eyes, double-check. 
 Okay, listen to me. I love working with you, but you have to understand how scary this is for me. 
  Because I don't want to get lost in this relationship. And when you pulled me off my project, it seemed like my biggest fear was coming true, the-the things that are mine are getting subsumed into the things that are ours. 
 You're welcome. Good night.
 What are you doing now? 
 Why? 
 Are you guys all dressing up for work? 
 What are you going as? 
 Ready to go? Hey, why aren't you in your costume? 
 You get that I'm wearing a corset because of you, not because I'm tired of breathing? 
 No, not all the time. I mean, just last week, Penny ended a sentence with a preposition. You didn't even mention it.
 Is something bothering you?
 Oh. Well, that must have felt terrible. 
 Oh, I don't think that's true. 
 Thanks. So, did you see Howard's costume? 
 Well, Sheldon didn't think so, and neither did I. 
 Well, I'm sure it was, but Sheldon's feelings got hurt. M-Maybe Howard could apologize? 
 He loves Churchill. Your son should take that as a compliment. 
 Well, this isn't about Sheldon. This is about Howard. 
 Sheldon doesn't make fun of his magic. 
 I think the point is that Howard owes him an apology. 
 Happy Halloween.
 I thought it was clear. I'm being unnecessarily hurtful but with a sweet voice. 
 Oh, but it's so far away, and I have such teeny, tiny legs.
 What's wrong with my body? 
 Not now, Sheldon. 
 Hmm. Look at you, improving on perfection. How so? 
 Huh. That's actually interesting.
 Oh, we'd be happy to apologize to her as soon as she apologizes to me for not making you apologize to Sheldon. 
 Don't you think it's unreasonable for her to ask us to do something she refused to do? 
 Really? Star Wars? 
 What do you guys think you're doing? 
 Absolutely not. Sheldon, come home.
 I know you do, but I am forbidding it. 
 I'm sorry. I just got your text!
 Why does it need running water? 
 No. If he tires himself out now, he'll sleep better tonight.
 Whatcha doin'? 
 I'll ask again. What-cha doin'? 
 Really? You and Bernadette aren't doing stuff without me?
 You know how your talent is getting just drunk enough to have a good time without being hungover the next day?
 Well, mine is knowing when I'm being excluded. So spill. 
 Yeah? With a bag full of wine? 
 Try again. 
 Like a secret club?
 And what would be a shorter way of saying that?
 Well, you really hurt my feelings.
 I'm in a secret club! 
 Is there some sort of humiliating initiation? Because I would literally do anything.
 Well, you are stretching the truth. 
 Oh, Sheldon's kind of like a dog-- he doesn't really think about me when I'm gone, but he's so happy when I show up.
 What do we do?
 Can you hear what they're saying?
 Oh, that's so exciting!
 Are you really gonna plan a wedding in three months?
 Welcome!
 You're up early. 
 Oh, that's sweet. What are we doing? 
 I don't want to see it at all. 
 What are you gonna be doing? 
 Yeah, you're gonna need to show your work on that.
 I think the one you have with them is perfect. 
 Which is perfect. 
 Well, you know that my mom can be... well, difficult to get along with. 
 All right. I'm just worried you might have a rather unpleasant day. 
 Hi, Daddy.
 Bye. 
 This is not good. Sheldon is hanging out with my mom. 
 Guys, focus. My mom thinks that Sheldon is the reason I don't spend a lot of time with her. 
 Because I told her. You need a cup of coffee? Wake up! 
 I know. I feel terrible. I love my mom but, you know, sometimes... 
 And it's easier to say I can't spend time with her because of Sheldon than to admit that I just, I don't want to. 
 Hey, how's it going? 
 Uh, no time to talk about that now. All your action figures are on fire. Harrison Ford's in the lobby. Come quick. 
 Sheldon, don't listen to her. She doesn't know what she's talking about. She's crazy! 
 Hello, Mother. Great news. We-we can come for Thanksgiving this year. 
 Couldn't think of a single reason not to. 
 Thank you, honey.
 I'd love to see your trick, Daddy. 
 Oh, my gosh, that was so good. Well, look, there's fake blood, too. 
 Sheldon, do you want to put the tables after each section or in an appendix at the end?
 How about that? There is an "I" in "team." Look at what we made.
 You realize we still have a lot of work to do before we can publish.
 Sheldon, there are hundreds of citations to track down.
 I am not gonna spend weeks in a library looking up old papers. Can't we hire a grad student to do it?
 Why would they do that?
 I assume you mean metaphorically.
 But what if we ask one of our friends to help us out? How about Leonard?
 He's your best friend in the whole world.
 I think you can trust him.
 Sheldon.
 Well, I am a little hurt that you weren't gonna tell me my husband was having an affair. I thought we were friends.
 Why not? You don't think other women find him attractive?
 We need to ask you a big favor.
 No, this paper is incredibly important to us, and we need someone we can trust.
 I told you no one could hear it.
 Are you sure?
 Sheldon, are you, are you all right?
 Hi. Can I do anything?
 I can make you some tea, I-I could sing "Soft Kitty."
 I am upset, Sheldon. I'm just trying to hold it together for you. Like when that goose wouldn't leave us alone at brunch.
 Well, of course it did. I was wearing a down jacket.
 Fine. I'm not okay. We came up with this idea at our wedding. We poured months of our lives into it. I thought we were changing the course of science, and now it's all gone. I'm devastated.
 It's Saturday.
 Two.
 I'll tell you what happened. Professor Gregoropovich.
 Three.
 I'm with Sheldon. We worked our butts off on this paper and it was all for nothing. And if you think some pep talk can fix that, then you don't understand how much this meant to us.
 Hi. 
 What are you guys doing? 
 What are you doing? 
 Is that asparagus? I thought you hate asparagus. 
 Oh, so now you're reevaluating every opinion you've ever had? 
 Sheldon, I know you're upset about the paper, okay. I'm upset, too. 
 Well, just because our theory was wrong, that doesn't mean you're wrong about everything.
 Hey, you guys busy?
 I'm really worried about Sheldon. I've never seen him this down.
 He's reevaluated tea. Now he thinks it's nothing but leaf soup. 
 He's rethinking everything. How long is it gonna be before he gets to me?
 I'm afraid so. I just... I don't know what to do. 
 Hawking? Feynman? 
 Hey.
 "Fine with flags"? 
 Well, I got something that I think might cheer you up. It is the emergency pep talk you made when you were a kid. 
 How long has it been since you've seen it? 
 Okay, all hooked up. Here we go. Oh, look how cute you were. 
 Should I leave you two alone?
 Sorry.
 Is there anything I can do?
 I was thinking a nice cup of leaf soup. 
 Hey. 
 A little better, if you can believe it. 
 You mean have a funeral for our theory? 
 I guess we could bury it in the park. 
 How about a bathtub, a match and an ice-cold Yoo-hoo after? 
 Yeah, it is.
 I'm just looking to see if there's anything left of your speech. 
 And? 
 Is that your dad? 
  I've only seen pictures of him.
 Do you want me to turn it off?
 Did they win? 
 Well, that was a nice speech. Too bad it didn't work. 
 What do you mean?
 Wow, was that your first ever sports metaphor?
 So, from one viewpoint, you and your father's lives are asymmetrical, but from another vantage point, they're symmetrical. Sheldon, what if symmetry and asymmetry are observer-relative? That would mean that the Russian paper was right... 
 Not only stands, I-it might be an even bigger idea than the one we were originally proposing. 
 Okay. 
 He's also sweet and bubbly.
 Thanks.
 Well, there are some comments online, but we haven't read them. We decided we don't care what people say about our work.
 Okay. I'll read them.
 Okay, here's one from Dr. Saltzberg at UCLA. 
 Okay. He says...
 He's right. They love it!
 Sheldon, look at my fruit plate. It's got kiwi on it.
 Neither do I, but it's so fancy.
 Oh, you want us to do interviews?
 It sounds like you don't want Sheldon to do the interviews.
 Seriously, can we get this man some barbecue sauce!?
 Okay, I need you to be honest with me. How do I look?
 Come on, help me out here. I've got a bunch of interviews today.
 Sheldon, I'm nervous, and I wish you were coming with me.
 Whom do you love more, Sheldon the scientist or Sheldon the man? Answer
 Thank you. Okay, bye.
 Love you, too.
 Do you ever feel guilty that we get to eat in the fancy dining room while our friends have to eat in the regular one?
 "Guilty."
 I don't know if I'd use the word "star."
 That's great. Thanks for telling me.
 Okay, I guess.
 You know that's not what he meant.
 Stop it. You're being ridiculous.
 Oh, it's definitely your poor people skills.
 I can't believe you're taking this out on me. I was just trying to get publicity for our paper.
 I didn't write the headline, Sheldon. Did you even read the article? Because I talk about you continuously.
 Why can't you just be proud of me?
 Really? Because you sound jealous.
 Ow!
 We can take you. Come on, Sheldon.
 Are you ready to apologize?
 Sheldon, are you ready?
 Because you have two kids, I have Sheldon, and Penny's apparently in the gym all the time, because damn, look at her!
 Oh. Well, if we drink it, does that mean we're making a promise? Because I am happily married, although I will watch.
 Of course.
 But it-it was the same...
 On your boat?
 Well, something can be both flattering and creepy. You know, just the other night, Sheldon said that my feet looked like Richard Feynman's hands.
 Oh, absolutely not. I am the only handmaid in this tale.
 Well, viewing Leonard as a mammal, it's perfectly understandable.
 And we hate him.
 And I'm Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler.
 Dr. Sheldon Cooper's Fun with Flags.
 And I'd like to apologize on behalf of Dr. Cooper for having his zipper down for the entire segment on the flags of East Africa. 
 All right, on today's episode, we're gonna start with some viewer e-mails.
 Oh, s-sure. Okay, our first e-mail is-- mm-- from...uh, Brad or Brian? I don't know, maybe it's Seth.
 Oh. Uh... oh, my gosh, it's from Fermilab in Chicago.
 No, no, it's about our paper. A team of physicists confirmed super-asymmetry. Our paper was right. We did it.
 We did it.
 We did it! We did it!
 You guys will never believe what just happened.
 And we didn't even know we did it!
 A hug.
 Whee!
 What's the difference?
 The last time we were in this room, we were getting married.
 That's what you said about our honeymoon.
 Oh, it's really nice to meet you, too. I mean, we thought we'd have to wait decades to get confirmation for our theory.
 Sounds fun. So, um, listen, we just published a few months ago. How did you have time to design an experiment?
 What's wrong?
 Because you haven't touched your dinner, and you're literally ticking like a bomb about to go off.
 Just tell me.
 Oh.
 Well, you know, that makes sense.
 Maybe you should.
 This has been your lifelong dream. And you may not get another chance. I don't want to be the reason that you don't win a Nobel.
 But if your best shot is with them, I think you should take it.
 I just want you to be happy.
 It wasn't fine. I got trapped in an elevator.
 Yeah, quit it.
 Are you okay?
 First edition.
 Here we go.
 You do know them, Sheldon.
 Yes!
 Complain about them to our spouse until she's ready to drive into oncoming traffic?
 So, I guess you're not gonna help them?
 Oh, you can't turn them in. The city's gonna make them rip out all the work they've done and do it over. It would be the end of your friendship.
 Sheldon, I am begging you. Please, don't do this.
 Animals don't have decks.
 Sheldon, come home! They don't want to have your baby!
 Sheldon!
 Just trap it under a cup, and I'll be there in a minute.
 What? Well, what is he doing here?
 Is everything okay?
 Why are you trying to avoid having sex?
 I was talking to Leonard!
 Sounds like maybe Penny's not totally on board with that plan.
 Okay, but this isn't gonna make you a dad. It's gonna be their baby, not yours.
 No! Absolutely not!
 I say, when it's not Comic-Con, no one will be dressed as superheroes.
 A crazy person in a cape doesn't count.
 Hi.
 You know, these experiments are pretty harmless. There's one where you just put the baby in front of a mirror and you watch them watch themselves.
 Well, I guess if you think about it, it's kind of like playing games with them.
 Halley's a year older, you know she's gonna get it first.
 Keep trying. It's for science.
 Although, Sheldon, maybe it could be an experiment.
 Sure.
 Yeah, how about that?
 Yep, don't overthink it.
 Oh, Sheldon's helping Howard give them a bath.
 I slept with him; I married him. You want to bet against me?
 You don't say.
 Well, I'm glad you had a good day.
 I know, I was worried it would be obvious, but it wasn't. I guess we should go and let Howard get them ready for bed.
 Maybe we could take them to the park.
 Huh, what an interesting and completely unforeseen development. What are you thinking?
 That's a lot of babies, Sheldon.
 Well, I'm sorry I'm not a frog.
 I say, when it's not Comic-Con, no one will be dressed as superheroes.
 A crazy person in a cape doesn't count.
 Hi.
 You know, these experiments are pretty harmless. There's one where you just put the baby in front of a mirror and you watch them watch themselves.
 Well, I guess if you think about it, it's kind of like playing games with them.
 Halley's a year older, you know she's gonna get it first.
 Keep trying. It's for science.
 Although, Sheldon, maybe it could be an experiment.
 Sure.
 Yeah, how about that?
 Yep, don't overthink it.
 Oh, Sheldon's helping Howard give them a bath.
 I slept with him; I married him. You want to bet against me?
 You don't say.
 Well, I'm glad you had a good day.
 I know, I was worried it would be obvious, but it wasn't. I guess we should go and let Howard get them ready for bed.
 Maybe we could take them to the park.
 Huh, what an interesting and completely unforeseen development. What are you thinking?
 That's a lot of babies, Sheldon.
 Well, I'm sorry I'm not a frog.
 It's not nice. She's having on the scientists who are trying to steal our Nobel Prize.  
 I hate to say it, Sheldon, but I think the audience likes them.
 Hey, good news. They're inviting several Nobel Laureates to our reception.
 Uh... Makoto Kobayashi.
 What?
 Why?
 Okay, so scratch Kobayashi. Uh, George Smoot's on here.
 Saul Perlmutter?
 What about Kip Thorne?
 So you've alienated everyone we need to help us?
 Well, that doesn't make it better.
 Hello.
 Do you have any cookie dough?
 It's for the Nobel Laureates. We need them on our side, but unfortunately, Sheldon...
 Ooh, let me see.
 Sheldon, that word isn't "thank."
 I don't think so.
 Well, he may have suggested there was an inelegance to the quadrupole normalization of Smoot's data.
 Hey, we just heard that you're the ones who convinced the Nobel Laureates to come.
 Ha, it really is.
 What are you doing here?
 Well, this is our reception, so go away.
 What are you doing?
 Oh. That's clever.
 I say active galactic nuclei at cosmological distances show a part per million deviation. Dr. Cooper says this has been disproven recently with quasar observations.
 Oh, for crying out loud, there is a term for that! It's called "imposter syndrome" and you don't have it! Because you can't have it if you are imposters, and you are! We're the ones who discovered super-asymmetry! So if anyone's gonna feel like they have imposter syndrome, it's us, because we're not imposters! They are! You're imposters and you're frauds!
 Sheldon, look at this.
 Because that's not even a thing. Look.
 I'm sure it's because I insulted Pemberton and Campbell in a room full of Nobel Laureates.
 It was a Spencer's Gifts.
 Guys, come on, I think I'm in trouble.
 I-I'm sorry. I-I just-- I-I snapped. Oh, you're sorry! It's all better then! Listen up, you have a shot to win a Nobel Prize, and you're blowing it.
 Well, if that's what you want, that's what we'll do.
 Uh, yes, of-of course, I know.
 So apparently, if we win, I'll be the fourth woman ever to win a Nobel in physics.
 Yeah, tell me about it. This morning, I blew through my antiperspirant in, like, an hour. Plus, Sheldon's freaking out because we got in trouble.
 So that's been my today.
 And even I have to let him smell my hand first.
 Oh, that's interesting. It's supposed to be very calming. Floating in a warm pool of liquid in a dark, soundless space.
 What do you say? We could both use a break. Come on, I'll do it with you.
 Never.
 Shall we?
 Wow, this is really dark. There's no difference between my eyes being open or closed. Open, closed. Open, clo-- nope, same thing. Ooh, pretty. 
 I'm a failure! I can't do this!
 That's great. I'm so happy for you.
 Thanks for pointing that out.
 Sheldon, I'm freaking out.
 Yes, it's about the Nobel Prize!
 It's just-- it's too much pressure. You know? It was bad enough when I was letting us down. But now, if I don't win, it's like I'm letting all women down.
 What-what are you doing?
 You are?
 What is going on with you? Are you okay?
 Sheldon, whatever you're doing, I-I don't have time for it right now.
 I don't know how you can, either. I mean, I don't know if anybody can. I just-- I feel like I'm letting everybody down.
 I'm fine. Thank you.
 That helps.
 Oh.
 Ms. Davis?
 You were right about this Nobel Prize being bigger than I am, and you were right that, like it or not, I am a role model. But you are wrong to keep me on the sidelines. I am smart, I'm capable, and I can make a difference.
 Damn right, because I'm a strong woman wearing a strong man's deodorant!
 You have anything with a little more kick?
 You're right. I-I don't know what I was thinking.
 Why do you think Hemingway ate at 10
 He also spent a lot of time in Florida. Last time I was there, people were eating dinner at, like, 4
 Except you.
 Do I want to ask?
 Poor baby. When I go upstairs, Sheldon's gonna give me a 25-minute lecture about what Hulk would be like if he were made of metal. Part of his ongoing series, "What If Hulk Were Made of Other Things?" 
 What, almost up four flights of stairs?
 Think I've got ice cream in this bag that's starting to melt.
 Look, when you wanted Penny, you didn't care what anybody else thought or wanted, including Penny.
 Now you're hiding from it on the stairs, so it all worked out.
 I leave those!
 I-It's fine. We'll have barbecue.
 I'm sorry, if I don't go now, it's not a huff.
 Wow. D j  vu.
 You telling me stuff I already know is definitely d j  vu. How about telling me something I don't know, like why you're sitting on the stairs.
 Try saying the thing in your head and see if you can add the words, "That'll show 'em." 
 The fact that you're worried about your motivation supports the idea that you genuinely care for your friend.
 That'll show me.
 That is what I was thinking. Let's never discuss it again. Really? Are you hiding from Penny again?
 Sheldon, why don't you keep him company.
 So, obviously, I'm really sorry about my outburst. Calling you frauds was unacceptable. I feel terrible about it.
 I'm sorry, what?
 Uh, no, we-we certainly do not think that.
 By accident.
 No, they don't!
 He's right. You know, like it or not, we can't avoid each other. Let's at least try to be civil.
 That's not what it does at all!
 Why do you say he's a weasel?
 Well, plagiarism is a pretty serious charge. Are you sure?
 I don't know, Barry. It sounds a little sleazy.
 Really? What'd she say?
 So couldn't we just bring down our wrath and ask the New Testament God to forgive us?
 And?
 If we have damaging and embarrassing information about someone, should we keep it to ourselves or expose them?
 It's Dr. Pemberton. Kripke says he plagiarized his thesis, and that he can prove it.
 That's really wise.
 Do you think by not exposing Pemberton we're doing the right thing?
 Why would you think that I don't think we're doing the right thing?
 Is that what you think?
 Well, if I did think that, you might point out that people who claim it's okay to do bad things to win are bad people no matter what they tell themselves. 
 Because you're a good person.
 Hi, Leonard.
 You okay?
 Your husband was acting kind of weird today.
 No. He was acting all sketchy. Almost like he was guilty or something.
 Are you okay?
 Then why are you acting guilty now?
 Why did you tell me? Now that I know, I'm implicated.
 I also wanted you to be my jester at the Renaissance Fair, but that didn't happen.
 There was only one princess, and it was me!
 And I forgive you. Because that's what a princess would do.
 Thanks.
 Okay.
 Yeah, sorry. I'm just trying to figure something out.
 Sheldon, if someone were gonna do something ethically murky on your behalf, would you rather know about it or not know about it to retain your innocence?
 That's not a real thing. 
 Well, you told me.
 But we're not. I mean, it's sweet that you want to help, but we don't want you compromising your integrity for us.
 It could be both.
 Thank you for meeting us.
 This isn't another apology. There's something we have to give you.
 It's why we invited you to this lunch.
 No, the opposite.
 How are you up for a Nobel?!
 Are you drunk?
 I thought it was.
 I-I think you need to go.
 Are you really not gonna pick up your mother?
 Well, that's kind of nice.
 You don't drive.
 We were in a parking garage.
 Oh, I don't want to be the only one who doesn't go. I'll just sit here afraid that you're all talking about me.
 Well, that's my other fear.
 I'm sure she's not mad at you.
 Because he's her son?
 Sheldon, no.
 Well, it's an emotionally complex issue. I don't have time to explain it right now.
 If I could respond more compassionately than Sheldon... and thank you for making it so easy. The need for a mother's approval is baked into our biology.
 Yeah, we're gonna need more coffee.
 Well, technically, anticipation wouldn't be mediated by endorphins as much as dopamine, but, you know, you've been up all night, so I'll give you that one. Really? The second he stops talking?
 Okay, put it on speaker.
 Hi.
 Yeah.
 But thank you for getting up so early to call. That was very thoughtful.
 Oh. That's me. Hello? Yes, this is Dr. Fowler. I see. Okay, thank you. We won.
 I know. Can you believe it?
 You tell me.
 I think so.
 Oh, that's me. It's CVS. My prescription's ready. Oh, and also my dad. He says congratulations and he loves me.
 We're married. Our names are already linked together forever.
 It's weird. I don't really feel different, but I guess our lives will never be the same.
 One day that's gonna end very badly.
 Okay, w-we're happy to answer your questions, Just, um, one at a time, please?
 No. Next question.
 Thank you so much.
 Go away!
 Raj, please, not now.
 My picture's all over the Internet, and I look terrible.
 I know I shouldn't care about how I look, and I never thought I did. It-It's stupid and shallow, but I just can't help it. Am I really this frumpy?
 Sounds expensive.
 Hadn't really thought about it. Sheldon's got his eyes on some new Dockers.
 Well, I suppose I could get a haircut.
 Where are we going?
 Thank you. Sheldon, what do you think?
 I like the way I look.
 I should've seen this coming.
 I know. But I should've done it gradually. You know, like... maybe tiny haircuts over a ten-year period.
 You know, you're right. This is a huge day for me, and I'm allowed to enjoy it without worrying how it's going to affect my husband.
 You know, I like the way my hair looks. I'm done tiptoeing around him.
 But why?
 Well, that's over.
 Well, if you don't like it, get rid of it. Put it in the closet.
 Hi.
 Yep. The tailor had to take mine in and let Penny's out. Best day of my life.
 I stand by my statement.
 Well, it's important that all of our friends get to share this moment with us.
 Do you want to go back to the apartment and see me try on my dress?
 It's not a wedding.
 How about this-- you can practice your acceptance speech while I try on the dress.
 Oh. Hang on. Go.
 Sheldon, Sheldon. Why are you talking so fast?
 Nobody's gonna be able to understand a word you're saying.
 I think you need to do some editing, like maybe cut out all that stuff about your childhood.
 Well, what about all these pages calling out everyone who said you wouldn't succeed?
 Sheldon, this isn't about ruing. This is about... humbly accepting a great honor.
 Please tell me that's not in your speech.
 Thank you. The challenging climate of Scandinavia has left its mark on the Swedish character. These dour, latter-day Vikings are slow to warm up to strangers, but if you follow a few easy steps, a Swede can be your friend for life."
 Two, at the beginning and end of all business and social meetings, shake hands with everyone present-- men, women and children.
 Wait.
 Oh.
 Oh, wait. Come here.
 So?
 So?
 She's probably just airsick.
 Wait. Stop. Be reasonable.
 Why didn't you tell me?
 I'm not anybody. I'm your best friend.
 She's pregnant.
 She didn't tell me, either.
 We'll get into that later. What happened to "I'm never gonna have kids"?
 Oh, my gosh. We're sister wives?
 While fantasizing about...
 Sheldon has something he'd like to say.
 Why?
 Well, you would be the authority on the subject.
 Sheldon, no one is happier than I am to win the Nobel. But it's not more important than our friends.
 They're abandoning us because you broke their hearts.
 I know! You never mean to. That's the only reason people tolerate you!
 Sometimes, yeah.
 Thank you, your majesties. Thank you to the Nobel Committee. We are deeply honored. I would just like to take this moment to say to all the young girls out there who dream about science as a profession

