 Who wants hot cinnamon rolls?
 Didn’t even crack the top ten.
 I’m sure you guys will figure something out.
 Really?
 Yeah. Come on, I’ll give you a ride.
 I can’t believe you made out with Mandy Chao.
 And you knew about this this whole time?
 And you didn’t think to tell me?
 Let’s leave Leonard out of this for the moment. This is about you and me.
 Hang on. What do I need to do to make you trust me?
 I bet you told Bernadette all about how he was screwing around with Mandy Chao.
 Whatever. It would have been nice to hear it from you.
 How do you know?
 And I’m just hearing about this now?
 You don’t have to, you should want to.
 I don’t know, but I’d like to get lost in her Bermuda Triangle.
 Not yet, this is fun. Ooh, I know. I’d let her free my willy. Where you going?
 Now we are done.
 Hey, Leonard, when you’re done, we came up with a bunch more.
 Hey, there.
 Well, you eloped and we didn’t get a chance to throw you a bachelor party, so there’s a van downstairs and we’re here to take you to a surprise location for the weekend.
 Yeah, Penny packed you a bag.
 Oh, not just him, you’re coming, too.
 And I told you he bit me.
 This van was owned and driven by your personal physics hero, Richard Feynman.
 Yeah, nothing’s been changed since he drove it.
 Uh, okay, let’s see. They’ve got spicy food and there’s a chance you’ll get diarrhoea.
 We can drive there.
 What’s wrong with Mexico?
 We don’t have any of those.
 Dude, how many races can you offend in a single breath?
 Perhaps some of his mojo will rub off on us. Maybe between this and his beach house, we will be inspired to greatness.
 When did you learn how to change a tyre?
 Are you turning it the right way?
 Here, let me try. You’re right, it doesn’t turn the other way.
 It’s called Lamaze breathing. It helps you push.
 There’s got to be a smarter way of removing it.
 Of course. All we need is to find stuff to make a lever big enough to fix this.
 If this was Star Trek, we could use a phaser to blast it off.
 If you need a green hand, why not just use the Hulk?
 We will, we will percussive shock you.
 I had no idea tortilla chips were such a good fuel source.
 Is that enough to melt the lug nut?
 Hey, look, the lug nut’s off.
 Have you seen this Archie comic? It’s actually Archie versus Predator.
 I don’t know. Maybe Jughead’s a Terminator.
 Hey, we’ve always talked about playing together.
 Oh, we could play filk music.
 It’s been around for years. It’s like folk music, but with a sci-fi/fantasy theme.
 Dude, if we do this, we’re gonna need a cool band name.
 Really?
 What is it?
 I just got chills.
 So I have an idea for a filk song. It’s kind of a, a power ballad, superhero crossover tale of epic proportions.
 Okay, so it’s a, it’s a David and Goliath story. It’s about man against God. It’s called Hammer and Whip, The Untold Story of Thor versus Indiana Jones.
 Okay, I don’t have it all worked out yet, but I was thinking something like, um, Oh, Indy, oh, Indy, the skies are so windy. Is that a flying man with a killer bod? Wait, that’s no man, it’s a Norse god.
 That is, that is so good!
 Okay, and here’s the hook. Thor and Dr. Jones. Thor and Dr. Jones. One plays with lightning, the other plays with bones.
 Thor and Dr. Jones. Thor and Dr. Jones. One plays with lightning, the other plays with bones.
 Hey, remember The Ark of the Covenant?
 That’s how much we’re gonna melt people’s faces off.
 Thor and Dr. Jones. Thor and Dr. Jones. One runs from Loki, the other runs from stones. So, what do you think?
 Runs from stones means that, that big boulder, but I couldn’t rhyme anything with boulder.
 Right, yeah, right. But, what do you think?
 Cute? It’s not cute. Cute is children dressed as vegetables.
 Just be honest. You don’t like it.
 You can dance to this. Um, uh, uh, Thor and Dr. Jones. Thor and Dr. Jones. One plays with lightning, the other plays with bones.
 I’m telling you, dude, the song has no groove, you can’t dance to it.
 You can do both, like Michael Jackson’s Billie Jean. While you’re dancing you’re thinking, like, darn it, whose baby is it?
 I still love it. I just think there’s room for improvement.
 Yeah, so what?
 No, no. I’m just evolving as a musician. You’re the one who’s stuck in the past.
 She has nothing to do with this. I am my own man.
 That is so not true.
 That had nothing to do with Rachel. It was an overreaction to a bad zipper injury.
 Fine, I quit, too.
 With pleasure.
 What took you so long?
 It was Avenger versus archeologist.
 Thor said, that’s a nice look in nineteen fourty-foura.
 Thor and Dr. Jones. Thor and Dr. Jones. One plays with lightning, the other plays with bones. Thor and Dr. Jones. Thor and Dr. Jones. One plays with lightning, the other plays with bones.
 When was the last actual exercise you got?
 Are you?
 I feel cool. Like Puss in Boots.
 We can still be swashers.
 Yeah, I’m here because I think it’s gonna be like Game of Thrones.
 Ooh, ooh, I forgot about Princess Bride. That’s my answer.
 Look at us. We’re like the Rockettes.
 My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
 Oh, yeah, right. Sorry. My name is Puss in Boots. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
 My name is Little Orphan Annie. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
 Why? You never thought you’d end up in a relationship, and then you met Amy. Maybe there’s someone else out there for you.
 Whoa, whoa. Walking up to a strange woman in a bar usually doesn’t work.
 How many sips of that beer did he have?
 Why do you need Kripke? Can’t you just go to Party City for helium?
 Hey, people were still talking about that party on siete de Mayo.
 Hello.
 What are you guys up to?
 Oh, fun. Let me see. Uh, no, no, uh, definitely not.
 Uh, he’s Indian. We’ve already got one of those. Ooh, we should find a nice Latino, really round us out.
 You know he won’t be looking at other girls.
 That’s a fair point. We wouldn’t make fun of someone like this to their face.
 You may want to leave the room.
 I have that same underwear.
 I had a great time last night.
 What? I thought we were all… never mind.
 Hmm. I’m doing okay, and I was very popular at 13.
 Oh, no. At home. The servants would sing to me, laugh at my jokes. I wish I knew their names.
 Oh. Hey, high five.
 So, your father-in-law is in there right now?
 Oh, okay. Got it.
 Hey.
 You sure? It’s a pretty great wall.
 I’m sorry. I did what I could.
 That is so generous of you. I’d like to switch sides.
 Well, it’s easy to find out. Just go into the crawlspace under the house and check.
 It’s interesting your father didn’t help around the house and Howard doesn’t help, either, so in a way, Howard’s not only like your father, but he’s also like the child that you’re afraid to have.
 Fine, I’ll leave. But it sounds like somebody needs a fresh diaper.
 So what’s up?
 You’re not wrong about Fruit Stripe. I was always a Hubba Bubba man.
 Hey, the jaw wants what it wants.
 Oh, right, uh, girlfriend. Okay.
 And you’re afraid it’ll do a better job than you?
 Yeah, no, but it is basic human nature. If we present him as a prize, maybe they would.
 I don’t know if I’d say you… oh.
 Oh, we could set it up like a scavenger hunt where the last puzzle gives the winner Sheldon’s contact information.
 I’m a little jealous of the people who get to do it.
 This is exciting.
 I, I hope we didn’t make the puzzles too hard.
 37 minutes left until the deadline.
 Not as fun as the night we blew up grapes in the microwave. We really have led full lives.
 Maybe you don’t want someone exactly like you. You know what they say, opposites attract.
 Sixty seconds. This is not looking good.
 Forty-five.
 Thirty seconds.
 Guys, fifteen seconds.
 Five, four, three, two, one. That’s too bad.
 I don’t think it matters. Look, Sheldon, I believe when the time is right for you to meet someone, it’ll just happen. Okay? Not because of a test or a Web site, but because… we are the dreamers of dreams.
 Answer it.
 How could you send her away?
 Have you guys seen this feature that lets you talk to Siri without pressing any buttons?
 You just say, uh, Hey, Siri, what time is it?
 Nice try. It only recognizes my voice.
 I don’t sound like that.
 Do you ever do anything for anyone else?
 You’re in a soup kitchen, not a production of Oliver!
 You know, this reminds me of high school.
 No, I was in India, it was humid and smelled funny.
 You know, I read that washing dishes can be an excellent form of meditation. The key is that while washing the dishes one should only be washing the dishes.
 No, seriously. It’s about being present in the moment, focusing on the feeling of the warm water, the smell of the detergent, the sound of the dishes squeaking, and following your own breath. It’s about, it’s about simply being.
 Me.
 Oh. Did you know, at the United Nations, there’s a Department for Outer Space Affairs?
 They exist in case we ever make contact with an alien civilization.
 Oh, this is cool. So, a few weeks ago I set up a fan page on Facebook for our band and…
 It’s not a big deal. It just took, like, five minutes to set up.
 But someone joined our page. We have an actual fan.
 So, listen to what he wrote. Uh, I saw you play at the comic book store. You guys rock. And then there’s an animated smiley face raising the roof like this.
 Yeah, we totally did.
 Maybe we should post a comment back to our fan and thank him.
 How about, uh, oh, how about, we might be Footprints on the Moon, but your kind words sent us over the moon.
 Well what do you want to write?
 Dude, if I was wearing a bra, I’d throw it at your head right now.
 Okay. I posted it.
 Let’s see. Uh, his name is Trent Monaco.
 Yeah. He’s 24. He’s a deejay. He brews his own beer. He’s got awesome tattoos. Dude, he’s got a hot girlfriend, too.
 He is so cool. Hey, no hard feelings, but I’m throwing my hypothetical bra at him.
 That is so cool. Old broken things are so much better than new things that work.
 Hey, dude, Trent just checked in at the coffee shop on Fair Oaks.
 It’s not creepy. I built a Footprints on the Moon fan page, Trent joined it.
 From there, it was easy to find him on Instagram, Snapchat and pretty much track his every movement.
 Yeah, like she could get Trent.
 So, all right, there he is. So, should we introduce ourselves?
 I wonder if he’s listening to our music right now.
 And he’s, all, like, aren’t you the guys from Footprints on the Moo-oo-ooh what is he doing?!
 It’s okay. Oh, it’s okay. He’s done.
 Eh, no, he’s not going to eat it, is he?
 Ooh!
 No, never heard of ’em!
 Wait. You’re sure they’re Star Wars tickets?
 Guys, they’re gonna sell out.
 Good for Sheldon deciding to stay with Amy on her birthday.
 I don’t know. Have you ever seen a movie with Stuart before?
 Tonight’s the night.
 Let’s do this.
 I can’t believe Sheldon gave this up.
 Oh, did you hear from Wil?
 Check.
 What is everyone booing at?
 Is it bad? Did you hear something? Oh, my God. It’s bad. Somebody kill me.
 And we’ve built it up in our heads so much.
 It is.
 Leonard, I, I’m scared again.
 I don’t think I can walk right now.
 Uh, I’ve got time booked in the telescope room all weekend scanning for rogue planets. You’re more than welcome to join me.
 Well, I should warn you, it’s just looking at data for hours and hours on a computer screen.
 Hello.
 Oh. What if Leonard made an appointment and tried to lay some groundwork for you?
 Low self-esteem.
 Lack of confidence.
 Pushover.
 Uh, making sure the telescope’s camera is white-field balanced.
 Still making sure the telescope’s camera is white-field balanced.
 Now I’m making sure the telescope’s camera is white-field balanced and wishing you had a colouring book.
 Fine, you want something to do? There’s about six months of data on this hard drive. Why don’t you go through it and see if you can spot any patterns or anomalies.
 Yeah, okay, whatever it takes to keep you busy for a few hours.
 No, you didn’t. There are millions of data points there.
 Yeah, maybe that is something. How did you find that?
 No.
 Okay, so once we receive the next image and compare it to the ones we’ve already collected, we’ll know what it is that we found.
 It could be a trans-Neptunian object.
 Unlikely, but it could be a dwarf planet.
 Okay, the final image is coming in. And the object we discovered is…
 A medium-sized asteroid.
 I kind of like chicken fingers.
 Come on, a medium-sized asteroid is still an interesting discovery.
 You dream different than me.
 Yeah, it is. And you know we get to name it.
 So I was thinking, maybe we can come up with a name for the asteroid by combining our names.
 How is that both our names?
 Yeah, s-so it’s, like, Kooper with a K?
 I learned that for free from a cat poster, but good for you.
 Wait, what happened to us?
 We haven’t settled on anything yet.
 That is a great idea.
 So, uh, what were you thinking? Combine their names?
 That’s just Amy.
 But it’s beautiful.
 Yay.
 Sheldon, stop being a baby and let Emily take a look at you.
 Hey, Stuart.
 I wish we could do more stuff without Sheldon.
 Huh. Okay. As long as it doesn’t end with us having coitus with him, I’m in.
 Oh, Ooh, maybe we could get one of those party buses to take us there.
 Yeah, that sounds fun. A party-bus party don’t stop. Ooh, when I say party, you say bus.
 Of course I do.
 Okay, okay, the point is that we accept your apology.
 Yeah, but he doesn’t mean it.
 What are you doing?
 Fine, how about this? You’re making me uncomfortable by prolonging this ridiculous fight, and I wish you’d stop.
 No, come on, please don’t leave.
 What is wrong with you?
 You went to Emily’s to apologise, and when you left, she was crying.
 Yeah, I calmed her down, but she’s not going to Vegas if he’s going.
 That’s very mature of you.
 You know it. Oo-ah, oo-ah.
 Oh, God.
 You know, Sheldon…
 I’m sorry, and how much money did your version of Frozen make?
 She built an ice castle, made a snow monster and gave herself a complete makeover in one day. You know what I saw you do today? Eat a block of cream cheese straight from the foil and lie about it to your wife.
 Yeah, that’s true. In fact, they liked the song so much, they retooled the whole script around it.
 I’m so sorry but, how can you not like that movie?
 It was a classic western set in the post-Jurassic period, and it changed my life.
 Oh, I see you’re reading Saga.
 It is, and not a lot of comics have a woman with wings breastfeeding a baby right on the cover.
 I’m Raj, by the way. This is Howard.
 Well, I’ve never seen you here before, Claire.
 Yeah, I get that. I’m a scientist, slash party planner, slash small-dog enthusiast, slash guy who probably should have stopped at scientist.
 Well, astrophysicist.
 Sure. I love animated movies.
 Excuse me for wanting a little magic in my life.
 Yeah, great.
 Yeah, bye.
 So?
 I wouldn’t say she’s beautiful.
 I do. I just wouldn’t tell my girlfriend.
 Just to help her with her screenplay.
 Hey, it’s not my fault if American women project their fantasies on foreigners with the kind of magical voice that grants wishes.
 Uh, it’s hard to say. I think we’re good, but things like this make me wonder if Emily’s really the right person for me. I mean, did you guys ever have doubts about each other?
 All right. I’ve made up my mind. I’m gonna do the right thing, call this girl, and let her know that I’m in a relationship.
 I’m calling her. And the threesome didn’t deserve the belly laugh it got.
 Hi. Hi. Yeah, it’s Raj. Rajesh. We met at the comic book store.
 Actually, that’s why I’m calling. I, um, I just, I need to let you know that I have a girlfriend.
 Well, no, no. I, I didn’t want to mislead you after you asked me out.
 Wait, are you saying that we didn’t have a vibe?
 Come on, I just told you I had a girlfriend. The least you can do is tell me if we had a vibe.
 I knew it. Okay, we did have a vibe. This is exciting. What’s my next move?
 Right. Good catch. Anyway, so I’m sorry to waste your time. And, uh, and good luck with your screenplay.
 Not me. Ever since you admitted we had a vibe, I’ve been planning our wedding.
 Okay. That hurts a little, but okay.
 Bye. All right. So, uh, we’re meeting for coffee like two adults. Everybody’s happy. Easy peasy.
 Yeah, of course. We have no secrets.
 He lied about the cream cheese. He ate the whole thing. I saw him.
 Yeah, see, if you just change the story to the destruction of our galaxy, then a super massive black hole could work.
 And that’s how Mommy and Daddy met.
 I will.
 Hey.
 Spending Valentine’s Day with Emily.
 Oh, I am, I am. I, I guess I’m still wondering if Emily and I are right for each other.
 You mean the strong, sexy angel I can’t stop thinking about? Who can say?
 Well, you say it like it’s easy. Have any one of you ever broken up with anyone?
 Yeah, I think so. Do you have any advice?
 Oh, I’m gonna do a pre-cry before I go in there. Really dry myself out.
 Yeah.
 You’re right, let’s talk again in a few days.
 Hey, Claire. Hi. It’s, it’s Rajesh. I was, I was wondering if you’re free for Valentine’s Day?
 But I just broke up with my girlfriend.
 Please take me back. Our love was meant to be.
 I’m gonna all alone on Valentine’s Day.
 What is wrong with me? Why am I so self-destructive?
 Yes. Whenever things are going well, I always find a way to ruin it. You two look happy, how do you do it?
 You really think so?
 No, Sheldon’s right. Emily did say I always talk about my feelings too much.
 Kripke? Is that you?
 But, Amy, when you and Sheldon split up, didn’t you start dating someone right away?
 Before Emily, I was alone for so long. I just, I don’t know if I can do that again.
 Rich parents, don’t forget, rich parents.
 I mean, this is the first time I’ve ever broken up with someone. I just, I didn’t realize it was gonna hurt this much.
 I’m sorry for bothering you. I’ll hang up now.
 Because instead of being in the telescope room, I was busy making you guys home made jam for the holidays.
 Hey, bud.
 If it’s thank you for the home made jam you got in December, congratulations, you’re the first one.
 That’s so amazing.
 Well, he could bring the baby here.
 I read that in Los Angeles, raising a child through college can cost over a million dollars.
 I know, you could ask Bernadette for a raise in your allowance.
 I wasn’t joking.
 Yeah, come on, this is great news and you know it.
 I’d like to propose a toast to our friend, Howard, his, um, his big heart, his beautiful soul…
 Cheers.
 Cheers.
 It’s true. I like my giant iPad and my little iPad almost as much as my regular-sized iPad.
 Uh, it’s in the corner.
 I hope the bathroom is clearly marked.
 They have that. It’s called Uber.
 Groundbreaking revelations, tropical drinks. Tell me this isn’t like the best episode of Sex and the City.
 It’s a good sign.
 Even drunk, he’s still smarter than all of us.
 Look at that. You’ve known you’re gonna be a father for less than a day and you’re already stepping up.
 Your movie’s showing, so you’re going. Could care less about the five you’re blowing. Theatre gets dark just to start the show. You spot a fine woman sitting in your row, she’s dressed in yellow, she says hello, come sit next to me, you fine fellow. You run over there without a second to lose, and what comes next, hey, bust a move.
 Just bust a move,
 Just bust a move,
 Ooh, baby, baby, baby, baby. Ooh, baby, baby, baby, baby.
 He’s been fascinated with dinosaurs lately. Maybe we could get him a fossil.
 You mean, some guy in a lame suit?
 Hey, so what was Adam West like on the phone?
 You know, Adam West is my favourite Batman? Well, after Michael Keaton, Christian Bale and Batman from The Lego Movie.
 What? He beat out George Clooney, and that’s something. Like, I love me some Clooney.
 Thank you. That’s why I say Keaton’s number one. He brought a sense of humour to the role.
 Yeah, of course.
 Happy birthday!
 Come on, Sheldon, say something.
 And it was Gandhi who said, live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
 Happy birthday to you, Happy birthday to you, Happy birthday, dear Sheldon, Happy birthday to you.
 Hey, guys. Hey, Penny. I really appreciate you helping me with this. I don’t know what to do.
 I hadn’t spoken to Emily since I broke up with her, and she left this on my doorstep with a note.
 I know. I mean, do I open it? Do I return it?
 Well, she was pretty mad. For all I know it’s a voodoo doll of me with a fork stuck in my junk.
 You know, on Game of Thrones, Balon Greyjoy received his son’s genitals in a box.
 Wow. It’s an antique sextant. Sailors used these to find their position by the stars.
 I know, she’s so thoughtful.
 You know, I have too much self-esteem to let this girl guilt me into getting back together with her.
 It doesn’t matter. It’s the thought that counts.
 Seriously, guys, I don’t want to know.
 Oh, come on, you can’t say oh my, and then not tell me.
 Maybe you’re right.
 Maybe you’re right. Wow, I am easy to manipulate. Oh, guys, it’s Emily. What should I do?
 Hello?
 Yeah, yeah. Sure. What’s up?
 Maybe, maybe.
 I’m sorry, I seem to be taking an annoying amount of time deciding how I feel about this.
 I’m sorry, I don’t think that’s a good idea.
 Good-bye, Emily. That was rough, you guys.
 Well, anyway, I’ll leave you to your girls’ night.
 No, I kind of feel like being alone right now.
 Thank you.
 Will do.
 Hello?
 Hi. I’m good. Really good. Well, I don’t know why I said really good. I’m just regular good. I really just wanted to sound confident. And that really was a real really, not a fake really like the first really.
 I don’t know. I lost track and I missed my exit. So, uh, so what’s up?
 Really? I’m sorry. I swear I know other words.
 Yes. Indeed. Absolutely. Indubitably. I’m not even sure what the last one means, but it’s another word, and I know it. So, uh, when do you want to meet up?
 Right now, well, well, actually, to, to be completely honest, I’m stopping by to see my ex-girlfriend because she’s having a tough time. But it’s not like we’re getting back together or anything.
 That’s exactly what she said. How do you know that?
 Any chance you could send me a PDF of that playbook?
 Hey, Emily, listen, I’ve been thinking, and I’m not sure it’s a good idea that I come over.
 No, no. Please don’t cry.
 Hey, so, listen, Claire, change of plans…
 I don’t think so. She sounded pretty upset.
 Emily, listen, I’m sorry, but I can’t come by.
 I think we both know if I come over, we’re gonna get back together and…
 Call you right back.
 I hear what you’re saying, but I’ve known Emily a long time, and I think she deserves the benefit of the doubt.
 As a matter of fact, I do. I’m gonna comfort her, because I’m a caring and decent friend who’s happy to be there when she needs someone to talk to.
 Good talk.
 Hey. Where are the guys?
 I’m an astrophysicist. The stars don’t take a day off.
 Well, the cleaning lady was there, but she doesn’t like me. You need any help?
 Okay. That’s cool. I guess everybody’s involved in this project but me. So, see ya.
 Yes.
 Okay. Would you ladies please leave the room for a moment?
 I need to rub my genitals on their prototype.
 Leonard and Howard don’t have a flat. They went to the movies. Look.
 Oh. You know what? I’m gonna let them know that I’m here with you and that they’re busted.
 Interesting. I mean, it’s not testicles on a cryostat, but I like it.
 I know. You guys should totally be making out with me.
 No, ma’am.
 I love it, I’ll be all like, busted, and they’ll be like, what? And then we’ll all be like, oh yeah. Yeah, I get it. I wouldn’t make out with me, either.
 Oh, man, when I come out of the closet, I’m gonna nail those guys. Yeah, I heard it. Shut up.
 Don’t forgive them. Stay mad at them.
 Busting you.
 Well this is kind of anti-climactic.
 No spoilers. No spoilers.
 Yes.
 No, no, you’re pregnant. The only thing you carry is our hope for a better tomorrow.
 Bernie, I just forwarded you a list of the top five lactation consultants in Los Angeles. I know my favourite, but I’d love to hear what you think.
 Hello.
 Please, my pleasure.
 I don’t understand.
 Of course. I’ll give you guys some space. Let me just get this out of your way.
 No, I got it.
 Please, Bernadette. Let me leave with my dignity.
 I appreciate the apology, but it’s really not necessary. I overstepped my bounds.
 Well, if that’s the case, is there anything I can do to help?
 Really? It’s okay if I listen with you?
 Can I squirt the ultrasound jelly on your stomach?
 Are you sure you can do this?
 I buried it there, so we could go home.
 Wow.
 You guys made a person.
 And I like to think I helped.
 But wouldn’t Man-Batman just be a Batman that was bitten by a radioactive man?
 Well, that’s just Batman.
 Oh, that’s Claire. Got to run.
 Uh, actually I’m seeing both of them.
 No, I’m actually dating two women. Later.
 Man, I’m worn out.
 No, it’s just, ever since I started dating Claire and Emily at the same time, it’s exhausting.
 But, dude, you’re so lucky. Getting to stay home at night with the woman you love.
 You are, because dating two women, I mean, I can’t even remember the last time I slept in my own apartment. I wake up and I’m like, am I at Claire’s or am I at Emily’s? Is there a third girl I’ve forgotten about? Like, where am I?
 Hey, how’s the mommy-to-be?
 I feel you. I’ve been dating multiple women.
 Oh, that sounds great, a bed to yourself. Can’t even remember what that’s like.
 Totally, guys are the worst. I mean, look at me. I let Emily make me a frittata and I kept the leftovers in Claire’s fridge that night. I’m such a dog.
 I’m sorry, have I been complaining about it too much?
 How could you say that?
 I never said that.
 Okay, that I said. But that’s a real problem. You give a girl another woman’s bra, and you will not be having sex with her that night. Maybe the other girl, but not her.
 Hey, did I say something to upset you?
 Really? Because usually we walk side by side, and I just went up two flights of stairs staring at your bottom.
 Okay, I think I see what’s happening here. You’re jealous of me.
 It’s not what I have, it’s how many people I’m having it with.
 Fine, I don’t want to watch with you either. I’ll go over here.
 Okay, then you go there.
 Wait, did Amy make her spinach dip?
 Says I was talking too much about dating Claire and Emily, and I accused him of being jealous.
 All right, it’s almost game time. Get it? Game of Thrones, game time?
 You know, if you think about it, tonight was kind of like a real-life Game of Thrones.
 Well, Howard eating that pistachio was like when King Joffrey got poisoned.
 Okay. But you using Sheldon to do your dirty work is like when Cersei used the King’s Guard to do her bidding.
 Okay. Oh, how about this? Stuart’s dressed like a brother of the Night’s Watch, and they don’t have sex.
 Hey, Jon Snow. How come your horse has a basket on it?
 I would love to. I do enjoy the complexity of an aged Pinot noir.
 Hey, you think it’d be okay if I brought Claire to the wine tasting?
 Oh, that’s great. I’ve been wanting her to meet you guys, too, so this seems like the perfect opportunity.
 Funny how that worked out.
 No, I’m still dating her.
 They know that we’re not exclusive, and we just don’t ask too many questions.
 It’s, it’s beautiful.
 Hey, Claire.
 Hi, yeah. Um, I was wondering, if you’re free Saturday night, all my friends are going to a wine tasting.
 Why would it be too big a step?
 Nothing to worry about. People meet people all the time, and it isn’t weird. I met Bon Jovi once, which you’d think might be weird. Turns out, total sweetheart.
 Boy, it wasn’t this hard with Bon Jovi. I said you rock, he said, thanks, man, and that was that.
 Oh, she’s meeting us here. Hey, guys, do me a favour and don’t ask too many questions about the relationship. We’re just keeping it casual.
 Yeah, I know you’re teasing, but watch out for karma.
 Hey, while you decide, who was better in bed, big hot Zack or wheezy little Leonard? Neener neener.
 Also, uh, cherries?
 Hey.
 You can’t let this stop you. Almost any scientific advancement can be used for destructive purposes.
 Hey, Claire. Good, you’re here. Guys, this is my friend Claire. We’re casually dating, and there’s no need for any further questions about it.
 I said no questions.
 Zack, this is my friend Claire.
 Uh, she’s seeing me.
 We’re just keeping it casual.
 Hey, dude, you’re killing me with Claire.
 I mean, come on, look at you. You’re classically handsome, you’ve got a swimmer’s body. Next to you, I look like me.
 Yeah, okay, just do me a favour and stop talking about how great Claire is.
 Don’t listen to him. He says crazy things all the time. Uh, watch. Marco.
 So, uh, what are you guys talking about?
 Why would you do that? I specifically asked you not to do that.
 Did you guys see there’s an Avengers screening? Joss Whedon’s gonna show some deleted scenes and do a question and answer session.
 Uh, it’s tonight, but it’s first-come, first-served, so we should probably get there early and wait in line.
 Uh, I’d say by three.
 Yeah, sleeping under the stars with other fans who love the show as much as we do.
 Boy, all this standing’s making me tired. Good thing I brought my collapsible stick chair.
 Sticks and stones may break my bones, but chairs on sticks are comfy.
 You can’t make me feel bad.
 He’s got him there. The D even stands for department.
 You sure?
 You’re right. You realize what this means?
 Congratulations.
 Open it.
 Is there a window around here we don’t know about?
 Yeah, of course. What else could it be? Boy, do I love America.
 Okay, look, I’m on the Air Force Web site, and the department that e-mailed you is in charge of acquisitions. So maybe they just want to give you a lot of money for your invention.
 No, I was just thinking about Jurassic World. Boy, that was terrible.
 You can’t ignore it. It’s not that postcard that says it’s time to go back to the dentist.
 Oh, dude. The minute you opened that e-mail, they knew you got it. I mean, they’re probably looking at you through the camera right now. I love America.
 Oh, if it’s even the U.S. Military. It could be foreign military pretending to be American.
 I also love the enemies of America.
 Howard, there must be someone at the university you can go to for help.
 What about the guy on the Channel Four News? You know, Four on Your Side? Maybe he can be on your side.
 I’d like to think the Four on Your Side guy cares about me.
 Uh, turn left here and see if he turns with us.
 Oh, no.
 I, I think he wants us to pull over.

