 Is it nice having Sheldon and Amy away on their honeymoon? 
 But you're not alone. We're here. 
 So, something pretty cool happened. Channel 3 asked me to be on the news tomorrow night to talk about the meteor shower. 
 Now it's happening to me. Ooh, I should probably make a list of all the scientific inaccuracies in Mamma Mia 2. 
 Hey, your husband's the one who took me. 
 Sounds like someone's in there. 
 I would, but I got to be on TV tomorrow. Got to protect the money. 
 And we were ready to take them down.
 Thank you for having me. I guess Neil deGrasse Tyson was unavailable. 
 What do you mean, "yeah"? 
 Well, I think you can count on a lot of flaming gas, which is what you would have gotten from your first choice, Neil deGrasse Tyson. 
 Oh, no, I love Neil. I mean, not as much as Neil loves Neil, but who does, right?
 Thank you. 
 Hey, check out what Neil deGrasse Tyson just tweeted. "I've been informed that some random, attention-seeking nobody took a cheap shot at me on the local news." That's me. Guys, he's talking about me!
 Why? This could be good for me. Everybody loves a good Twitter feud. Neil and I could be like the new, uh, Katy Perry and Taylor Swift. 
 Oh, leave room for dessert because I'm gonna make you eat those words. "Dear Dr. Tyson, much like epithelial tissue, it appears I've gotten under your skin." IPhone drop, but I won't because I don't have AppleCare.
 "Nice try, genius. The skin is epithelial tissue." Oh, it's on. He's Katy, I'm T-Swift.
 Hang on, I'm checking to see if Neil replied to my latest smackdown. 
 Absolutely not. It's-it's two respected scientists debating opposing views in a public forum. 
 Yeah, and now Mike Tyson's mad at me, too. 
 Oh, Bernadette, you sound so old right now. 
 Go for Dr. K. 
 Yes. Who is this? 
Uh, w-wow. How fun is this Twitter thing, huh? 
 I'm-I'm not Seinfeld funny, but I did an open mic night once. 
 Yeah, that's what they said at the Chuckle Hut. 
 Oh, no, but thanks for the invite.
 And it deserved it, sir. Thank you. Bye-bye. 
 Did you just Google the initials "N.Y."? 
 I think he's smiling.
 They're way past flirting. I caught them making out at Sheldon's wedding. 
 I don't think so. When I used that much tongue at CPR training, I had to buy the dummy. 
 Bye.
 A-Absolutely. Don't let love get away. It is the most important thing in the world. Without it, life is dark and meaningless and all you're left with is the judgmental gaze of your dog as you finish off a bag of Doritos on the toilet. 
 Well, what is it? What did you give them? 
 Wait a minute. Did-- did you give them the crystal chakra wand that I gave you for your wedding? 
 You said you liked it!
 Uh, that depends. Actually, it doesn't depend. Just no. 
 Oh, and you just came over here to rub it in my face that you have a date? 
 Huh. I guess you're right. Sheldon's the smart one, Howard's the funny one, and apparently, I'm the ladies' man. 
 Oh, yeah, right. I guess Leonard's the forgettable one. Okay, let's have a whiff. Oh. Hmm. Smells like Paco Rabanne. 
 It's great. She's gonna love it.
 Hey, relax. Trust your instincts. That's what I do. 
 Actually... no. I've made a mess of my life, and I'm... I'm all alone. 
 Yeah, that would be best. 
 Hey, Dad. 
 Yes. That's why I'm calling. And-and what better gift to give you than the gift of marrying an Indian woman, just like you've always wanted. 
 You tell me. 
 I want you to arrange a marriage for me. I'm just so tired of being single, and I'm finally just... I'm-I'm ready to settle down. 
 I know that, but I can't do this on my own. I need your help. 
 Fine, if that's what it takes to show you that I'm serious. Uh, quick question. Do you mean just Instagram, or all my social...? 
 Okay, deal.
 Oh. Oh, my God, she's beautiful. Is that who you're going to set me up with? 
 Hey, guys. Great news. I'm getting married. 
 Well, I-I haven't met her yet, but her name is Anu. My father says she comes from a good family. She's in her 30s. She works in hospitality management. So, as long as I can get through six to ten dates without revealing my true self... ...this is happening.
 You guys should've talked about all this stuff while you were dating. I mean, me and Anu already know so much about each other. 
 Uh, no, that's Annette. Anu is the woman my father fixed me up with. We're going on our first date tomorrow. Which reminds me, I need to see Annette.
 Why not? Arranged marriages have been working for thousands of years. Anu and I come from similar backgrounds, our families get along and we each filled out questionnaires, so we know we're not wasting our time with someone who's not compatible. 
 Really? What's Penny's dream vacation? 
 I have to say, uh, after reading your questionnaire, I feel like I already know you. 
 Yes, ma'am. 
 Yes, ma'am. I-I mean, uh, just yes. U-Unless you prefer "ma'am." 
 Good, because you don't seem like a ma'am. You seem more like a sweet thang. 
 Well, if I was good at this, I wouldn't need to be fixed up by my father. 
 Oh, yes, uh, you're a concierge.
 I-I get it. You know, um, I used to have a long list of what I wanted from a wife. Uh, eyes like Sandra Bullock, hair like Sandra Bullock, and the bravery of Ryan Stone. That's Sandra Bullock's character in Gravity. But now, I-I just want someone nice.
 Oh, I'm definitely nice. Every time a girl breaks up with me she always starts with, "You're a nice guy." 
 I-I am serious. 
 Okay. O-Okay, w-what does this mean? 
 Koothrappali. 
 A little hurt, but you wouldn't know, because I'm too nice. 
 Hey, guys.
 Ah, let me answer that with a question. How would you like to be my best man?
 Why not? She's nice, I'm nice. We're just as likely to be happy as any other two people. Maybe even happier. Sorry, that was not a swipe at you. 
 Yeah, good, because it was not. 
 Why can't you just be happy for me? 
 W-Well, how come you all get to be married and I have to stay single? 
 You know what, you're not just insulting me. Okay? You're insulting my family, my culture and my future bride, Anu, a vegetarian with a master's degree from Cornell whose favorite fruit is pineapple. 
 Did you just come here to tell me I'm making a gigantic mistake by having this blueberry muffin and I should've got a cinnamon roll like you did? 
 Good, because I'm happy with my choice. Although that cinnamon roll does smell good if you're open to halfsies. 
 Thanks. Look, I'm sorry about yesterday. You're right. I-I was being... 
 Oh, my God, that is so good! 
 No... Sorry. Go on. 
 Thanks, Howard. That means a lot. 
 Ah, maybe. 
 Oh, tell me about it. My parents were so thrilled, they actually spoke to each other. So that was a disaster. Cheers. 
 Oh, like themes and flowers? 
 Oh. We can't use that. That was the theme of my parents' divorce.
 Of course. Yeah, right. That's s-smart. 
 No, I can't do this. 
  Th-There's something you may not know about me because, you know, we've only met once, but... I'm a hopeless romantic. And you seem great and I do want to get married. I-I do want to settle down, but... this isn't the story that I want to tell my grandkids. 
 I'm so sorry if I wasted your time. 
 Oh, my God, oh, my God. Yes, of course, of course I'll marry you! 
 Oh, great. 
 Oh, you're not that nice. 
 Yeah. 
 Very funny. Guys, I need your help, okay? I'm trying to buy her engagement ring. What do you think of this? Do you think she'll like this one? 
 Yes, she has ten fingers and ten toes. Probably. I'll get back to you after I see her in sandals. 
 Ooh, somebody's jealous. 
 Hmm. Well, if Sheldon doesn't want to talk about it, it's got to be pretty upsetting. 
 So so jealous. 
 Wait, wait, so you don't know what their fight was about? 
 Bye. 
 Is Tam on it?
 Great. What-what does it say? 
 Wait. Wait, wait, wait, if Tam knows what he did, we can just ask him. He's gonna be on campus tomorrow showing his son around. 
 Everything makes Sheldon mad. 
 Got him. 
 I don't think he knows. 
 And don't worry, even though we just met you, we think you're right and he's wrong.
 Uh, let me catch you up. He does not. 
 Of course. How's it going? 
 What the hell did you two say to Anu? 
 Why, why would you tell her I wear ladies' deodorant? 
 Oh, oh, okay. Pardon me for having the confidence to smell daisy-fresh. Just do me a favor and stay away from her. 
 Recently, 12 new moons were discovered orbiting Jupiter, bringing the total up to 79. As a middle child myself, I'd like to extend my sympathies to moons two through 78. Your grandpa will never learn your name. I'd like to thank you for joining me on this journey through the stars. If you enjoyed this lecture, please come back Thursday for the exact same one. 
 Thanks. Oh, Howard, uh, this is Andrea. She's the director of the planetarium. 
 Hmm, yeah, but somehow, you manage. 
 But-- it might be, but with two small children at home and a full-time job, I'm sure you're too busy. 
 Well, you don't have to decide right now. 
 He can't do it. 
 Sure. What's up?
 Oh, great. Thanks for stopping by. 
 First of all, I've totally done karaoke with a rock star. Or are you forgetting when the Spin Doctors handed me the mic at the Orange County Fair?
 Oh, it certainly is, but I also happen to be very accomplished in my field. 
 Please. I may be scared of heights and spiders and showing up at a costume party that turns out to be a regular party, but I am not scared of sharing the spotlight with you! 
 I just stormed out for dramatic effect. I... Actually, I-I don't have anywhere to go. 
 Hey. I brought Chinese.
 Please, I don't need a reason to bring food to my friends.
 Yeah, I need your help. 
 So, I folded, and I told Howard he could be a part of my planetarium show. And now I'm worried he's just gonna make the whole thing about himself.
 No, no, then he's gonna think I'm too insecure to share the spotlight with him. 
 I came here for your support. 
 Hello... 
 Thank you. That would be nice. 
 That's hilarious! 
 Good evening, I am Dr. Rajesh Koothrappali, and usually I take you on a trip through the stars, but tonight, we'll begin our journey much closer to home, 220 miles straight up to the International Space Station, which is manned by a team of brave men and women.
 And we are fortunate to have one of those men here with us tonight. Please welcome to the Griffith Observatory astronaut Howard Joel Wolowitz. 
 Well, it's from my heart. So, Howard, you are in an elite group. Only 232 people have ever been on the International Space Station. How does that make you feel? 
 Oh, please, luck had nothing to do with it. You people need to know how impressive this man is. He was up there because he's the only one qualified to install a piece of equipment that he designed. 
 He worked on the Mars rover. 
 He went to space on a Russian rocket. 
 And I was scared for you, but also proud. 
 I should have, and I'm gonna say it again. I'm proud of you. You're my best friend, and I love you. 
 Bring it in, spaceman, you've been cleared for landing. 
 Hey, did you guys know this year's the 40th anniversary of Halloween? 
 I meant the movie Halloween. 
 So close. Kooth Bader Ginsburg. The Notorious KBG. 
 We have no secrets from each other. Well, except for the fact that I-I crocheted this myself. 
 I find you guilty of murder, because you are killing it. 
 Maybe he's cranky because he's off his bathroom schedule. 
 We're not laughing at you. We're laughing with you. 
 Then the first one. 
 Hey. 
 Smart, funny, gorgeous-- are we a match or what? 
 Yeah. I know how it sounds. 
 Hold on. I'm the judge here, and I'm going to allow it. 
 Sheldon, you sure you're ready for this? This movie's pretty scary. 
 We're showing Sheldon Halloween.
 Oh, this is amazing. I wish I had a playhouse like this when I was a kid. 
 No. I mean, my dad did buy the house next door for us to play in. 
 Hey, uh, can you pass me that drill? 
 You know what? I'll watch them. 
 Yep. 
 No problem. That was really fun.
 Hey. 
 What's going on? 
 Ooh! Looks like Christmas came early. First thing on my list is a golden umbrella, because Leonard's gonna make it rain! 
 Ooh, is mine one of them? 
 Yeah, come on, Leonard. Tell us now.
 When will that be?
 Thanks for letting me come over and hang. 
 No. And I've really been laying on the guilt. 
 You mean these bad boys?
 Hey, don't freak out, but I think there's someone in your playhouse.
 Really? Why?
 And you just pretend like you don't know?
 Why don't you just get the life insurance? 
 Seriously, Leonard, you didn't pick my project? 
 Wait, I'm confused. I thought there were only three projects in contention. 
 You-you can't do that. You can't just fund your own project. 
 Hey, you guys have any plans for Valentine's Day?
 Well, how would you guys feel about going to India for my wedding? 
 That is such a stereotype!
 Of course there'll be elephants. It's a stereotype that you feed them peanuts.
 Yeah, well, her family's doing most of the work. They're amazing. We talk all the time. 
 Because we're about to get married and they're gonna be my family.
 Hey, guys, before Anu gets here, can I talk about the seating situation? I really don't want her to sit on the floor. 
 Fine. Howard, floor. 
 Thank you, Penny. And, Leonard, I was kind of hoping I could sit next to Anu. 
 I am not breaking up with her.
 Hey, everybody, it's Anu. 
 Oh, I am stuffed! I should not have eaten all those dumplings. 
 Me, too. 
 I totally agree. Oh, just one question. While we're doing it, can I leave my shirt on? You know, the dumplings, pretty salty. 
 Okay. Sounds nice. We can order a bunch of room service, because I'm not eating anything between now and then. 
 I am not worried. If anything, I'm overconfident. Edging into smug. 
 Oh, it's gonna be better than fine. Trust me, I've had no complaints. 
 Well, I've had questions, comments, some constructive criticism, but... no complaints. 
 Hey, Leonard, can you pause the game for a second? 
 I... I don't know how else to say this, but, um, Anu and I are going to h?v? s?x tonight. 
 Yeah. 
 Uh... to be honest, I'm pretty anxious. I mean, this is the woman I'm marrying-- what if it's no good? Do we break up? Do we... sign on for a lifetime of mediocre s?x?
 It was bad? 
 I don't really know any of that stuff. I just pretend I do to impress women. And by the way, Anu is Indian-- she's gonna know there's no s?xual position called a "screeching lotus." 
 Sometimes I get leg cramps. It's my cover story. 
 How can she be bad?
 No, that's silly. 
 Hey, Penny. I need your help. I am freaking out. 
 No, I got here first. You know... get the lay of the land. 
 Really? 
 S-So practice makes perfect? 
 Oh, my God, oh, my God, she just texted. She's on her way up! 
 Yes. Thank you, thank you. I got this. 
 Stop putting so much pressure on me! 
 Be right out! You look beautiful! Sorry, I had to use the facilities. 
 Mm, I like to celebrate the little things in life. You need to go? There's still some left. 
 No, no, it's not what's going on, it's what's coming off. 
 Why? Because I couldn't talk and ran in the bathroom to slug back a bottle of champagne when I pretended to pee? 
 No, no, wait, wait, don't-- okay, don't go. 
 Well, funny story... 
 Oh, God, the truth is so not good for me! 
 Okay, you wanted the truth, here it is. 
 No. I, uh, I have a talking problem, and a drinking solution. 
 Oh, Anu, for most of my life, I got so nervous around women that I couldn't talk to them without alcohol. 
 No. No. It hasn't happened in a long time. And I really thought I was over it, but I guess... I-I don't know, I guess I-I wanted so much for tonight to go well, that I-I stressed myself out. It came back. 
 I was embarrassed. 
 Really? Will you tell me one? 
 What kind of music? 
 Even Beyonce? 
 No. Um, it's fine. It's just, have you heard "Single Ladies"? 
 Y-You have to sing it in the voice of a goddess. Like
 Little eccentricities? One is a deep-seated psychological disturbance, and the other can be solved by half a glass of chardonnay. 
  Mm. Good morning. 
 Oh, fantastic. 
 But all we did was talk.
 Yeah, and-and for my liver. Hey, about the other thing. Um... Should we just wait for another night? 
 Bam, took him out. Now I'm doing a victory dance to celebrate. Where are you?
 Hey!
 More like Bachelor in Paradise, but not as cutthroat.
 And depending on what you want to build, you can use LB, RB, LT, or RT.
 Okay, you're skydiving down. You're almost to the ground. Now, when you land, you're gonna want... Okay, you're dead.
 What are friends for?
 Hey, probably shouldn't say anything, but did you hear about Sheldon and the lunch lady?
 I wish I'd known that before I called her a floozy in front of the whole lunch line.
 I don't know, it's pretty creepy down here. Maybe we should stay together.
 You could say that about anything. It's just a cemetery. It's just a haunted house. It's just a portal to hell.
 Yeah, thank you. Leonard?
 Okay. Leonard?
 Okay. Leonard? Leonard? Oh, God!
 Okay, this citation is correct. How you doing?
 Hey, should we take a break?
 It's like the movie Speed, but instead of a bus, it's your lungs. And instead of Sandra Bullock, it has sadness.
  Oh, it was cited in this paper over here, so I thought we should check it out.
 We don't need Howard. I've got Google Translate. Okay, here we go, from Russian to English. "Examinations of moose chowder in lemon parachutes." Yeah, okay, now I know why this app is free.
 If it helps, this word may be "moose."
 Why do I have to tell him?
 I fou-- but he's the one who translated it.
 Yeah, that makes the most sense.
 Hey.
 Fortnite.
 Mm, maybe later, Berna...
 You want to press B to go into build-- oh, you already did it.
 You got yourself a good one there, buddy.
 Well, as someone who has watched every episode of America's Got Talent, I'm getting pretty good at telling when some American's got talent. Seriously, Heidi and I agree, like, 90% of the time. 
 That is both sad and true. Half my Instagram is after a good cry. 
 When does the magic start? 
 Who doesn't want to shoot you?
 No, that doesn't sound right.
 You don't need to ask her?
 Thank you. I mean, I-I'm not trying to be a groomzilla, but... this is my specialty.
 Uh, no. It's just my, uh, doorbell camera.
 Oh, it's easy. I can do it for you. You're gonna love it. It's how I found out a raccoon was stealing my cheese-of-the-month club.
 Nothing. I didn't want to piss it off. It was, like, huge from eating all the cheese.
 Pretty well? You ran out of there so fast, if it was a cartoon, there would have been a Stuart-shaped hole in the wall.
 Yikes!
 Yeah, it's just Anu's doorbell camera. I helped her install it.
 Who the hell is this guy?
 Why is she hugging him?
 W-Wait, why is she inviting him into the house?
 Oh, fair warning-- it can get pretty ugly out there. 
 Oh, I remember. Do you?
 Oh, so you like sneaking around. Good to know.
 Nothing. Never mind. Let me see if the coast is clear.
 Yes, I saw a strange man going into your house the other night!
 But out there, there's nobody.
 That is not the point. The point is who was that man?
 And did you give it to him? Did you give him his stuff?
 So you're still talking to your ex-boyfriend?
 Because you're hiding something from me?
 How can I trust you?! I barely even know you!
 I don't know.
 Where are you going?
 Wait, wait, wait. At least let me drive you.
 No, it's nothing like that.
 I don't want to talk about it. Let's just play.
 I hadn't noticed that before you mentioned it.
 Bad.
 I'm winning you back Love Actually style.
 Really? You've never seen Love Actually? If you want to watch it right now, I'll just wait.
 Look, we both made mistakes. I am so sorry that I spied on you. I didn't mean to, but I know it was not okay. Now, do you want to apologize to me?
 I really thought this would be more of a back-and-forth thing.
 You know, family and India and stuff.
 Uh, okay, well, how is that different than what you're doing? Hmm? Worried that you wasted so many years dating the wrong people, and now, you're just looking for a shortcut.
 Okay, so we agree.
 Great. Wait. What did we just agree on?
 You know what? Why don't you shut the door, and I'll just do the cards?
 I make one mistake, and she says she doesn't want to marry me. Like she never screwed up.
 Well, she agreed to marry me.
 I don't want you to lie to me.
 She says the only reason I'm marrying her is because all my friends are married, and I don't want to feel left out.
 No. She's right.
 Hello, Daddy.
 What?! No!
 Thank you. I mean, I did install a camera and I did spy on her, but I did not install it to spy on her.
 Oh, no. She's-she's actually great. I'm the one who screwed up.
 This is all my fault. I should have... I should have just trusted her.
 I don't think she wants to marry me. And honestly... she deserves someone better.
 Wow. Y-You've never told me that.
 That you've said.
 Thank you. 
 Come on, I know you're there, and I know you know it's me.
 Look... you were right. I was doing this for the wrong reasons. You deserve to marry someone who knows how amazing you are... and who proposes because he doesn't want to spend a single day without you. Not... not because he wants to catch up to his friends.
 And I want you to know, I think I could be that man.
 I'm not asking you to.
 Because I like you. Okay? I like you. I-I like you enough to start this relationship at the beginning, not in the middle. So... will you go out on a date with me?
 Maybe he's being weird because he doesn't know how to ask for his ring back.
 Oh, congratulations. Was that the decongestant you developed?
 Ah, so it works.
 Yeah, we heard. You did it.
 Oh, man, that last episode of Star Trek
 Three behind.
 No.
 Oh, how about that video of my dog I sent you, where she's growling at a pinecone?
 So what? I mean, no one's gonna give them credit for accidentally discovering something.
 But this is different. Sheldon, super-asymmetry is your paper. Everyone knows you were there first.
 Good news, though
 That's too bad. But it's her decision, not yours.
 Against their will?
 Wait, he always wanted to be an astronaut.
 Well, if you like fixing people, I could use some help.
 Uh, well, one day I just woke up and realized they looked silly.
 So you gave your kids Benadryl for nothing?
 Has anything changed since the last time you talked about it?
 Then shut up or go wait in the car!
 Wow. This is exactly like a dream I had. Except in the dream, you're Gal Gadot.
 Well, great. Let's go check it out.
 Hi, guys.
 You sick?
 Oh. So, check it out. This meteorite that Bert found is really cool. We did a spectrographic analysis, and there's... there's definitely something going on inside.
 Well, thanks, but Bert's got this water-cooled, diamond-bladed saw.
 C-Calm down, Stuart. You're being a little crazy.
 It's nice they found each other.
 Eh, sorry. It's kind of Bert's thing, and he wants to do it his way, so...
 Leonard, what are you doing?!
 Oh. And pretty.
 Stop eating Bert! Keep eating Bert!
 Leonard, I told you, buddy. We don't need to use your laser.
 Really? You're jealous of us?
 Seriously?
 So, this week would have been my wedding if Anu and I hadn't decided to slow things down.
 I'm sorry.
 Uh, if you still want to go, you can go to India and help my dad eat all the nonrefundable sushi.
 I really think we made the right decision.
 Really? What was it?
 The Vomit Comet. That is so cool. I've always wanted to experience weightlessness. The closest I ever came was that time I accidentally set my scale to kilograms.
 We could still go. You know, make it a guys' weekend.
 Great. It'll be like the good old days.
 I remember it more fondly.
 Oh, that's nice you guys get along. I forget, Howard, does your father-in-law still hate you?
 Okay, so let's make it a couples' weekend. I'll bring Anu, you bring Bernadette.
 Thanks again for doing this, guys.
 It was during a drought.
 Yes.
 Definitely.
 Where are the changing rooms?
 No peeking.
 That's a good point. When I was little, my parents never flew together. We thought it was because they loved us, but it turns out they hated each other.
 If only that were true.
 So, Leonard, what are you gonna do while Penny's away?
 What do you call that, Bishops Be Crazy?
 Not if you're being crazy.
 Hey.
 So we can help you babysit?
 That's a weird brag, Howard. I'll get it.
 You can't experiment on his kids.
 That sounds adorable. Let me see.
 Hey, this one we can do with both Michael and Halley. It's called Grabby Hands.
 Guys, listen, you secure them both in car seats and slowly spin a toy at the end of the string above them. The younger baby tends to reach with either hand, and the older baby prefers the dominant hand.
 I-I bet Michael grabs it before Halley.
 I just think he wants it more. Come on. Come on, you got this. You got this, Michael
 Oh! That was so close. Just keep on trying.
 Sheldon, he's a baby. That's not how you talk to him, okay? J-Just watch. Hey. Halley. Who's your favorite uncle?
 I never thought I would see Sheldon enjoying himself around babies so much.
 So he just happened to stumble upon a book about experimenting with them the same day we were hanging out with Howard's kids?
 Ooh, a juicy pear. Where are the kids?
 Hmm. So you really think you can trick Sheldon into liking babies?
 Where did Leonard go?
 So, Leonard, what are you gonna do while Penny's away?
 What do you call that, Bishops Be Crazy?
 Not if you're being crazy.
 Hey.
 So we can help you babysit?
 That's a weird brag, Howard. I'll get it.
 You can't experiment on his kids.
 That sounds adorable. Let me see.
 Hey, this one we can do with both Michael and Halley. It's called Grabby Hands.
 Guys, listen, you secure them both in car seats and slowly spin a toy at the end of the string above them. The younger baby tends to reach with either hand, and the older baby prefers the dominant hand.
 I-I bet Michael grabs it before Halley.
 I just think he wants it more. Come on. Come on, you got this. You got this, Michael
 Oh! That was so close. Just keep on trying.
 Sheldon, he's a baby. That's not how you talk to him, okay? J-Just watch. Hey. Halley. Who's your favorite uncle?
 I never thought I would see Sheldon enjoying himself around babies so much.
 So he just happened to stumble upon a book about experimenting with them the same day we were hanging out with Howard's kids?
 Ooh, a juicy pear. Where are the kids?
 Hmm. So you really think you can trick Sheldon into liking babies?
 Where did Leonard go?
 This is nice. All my friends hanging out, watching Ellen. It's like, what am I gonna do with my other two wishes?
 Those are fun. I-I went on one and saw Tom Hanks talking to his gardener.  He's even nice when you plant the wrong color azaleas.
 Yeah, but if they did, do you know who would win one?
 He picked up a shovel and helped the guy replant.
 The Frightened Little Astronaut? That looks just like you. Look how tiny and scared you look.
 That is so cool.
 Maybe you should've called it The Bitchy Little Astronaut. 
 Yeah, now it's Amy. Who knew you were married to such a bad girl.
 Relax. You're probably just gonna get a slap on the wrist.
 Hey, check it out. That looks like the moped you used to have.
 How's that better?
 Well, does take me back.
 Looking and looking and looking. Remember that time one looked back and said hi?
 Hey, I forget, why did you sell the scooter?
 Yes. What is it? Show me.
 You bought me a scooter?!
 Then why did you make me close my eyes?
 Wait, one second. Won't Bernadette be mad when she finds out?
 Ah. My dad kept a secret at work, too, but it was his receptionist. Hey, would you mind if I ride it sometimes?
 Born to ride, buddy.
 You won't need luck.
 You guys know that Hemingway had cats with six toes?
 Okay. So, then, we can see the 3-D at 9
 He's right. No one wanted to hear at. He knew it, yet he plowed ahead.
 And this is the telescope room where I spend a lot of my evenings.
 Hawaii.
 Yeah, so, you know... aloha.
 Uh, everyone has their own theory. Dr. Tibourgh thinks it's mold. I think it's Dr. Tibourgh.
 Ah, this is live information from the Keck telescope. It's pretty interesting. So, I recently observed some optical flashes. It could be light bouncing off a natural object, but those tend to be less reflective, so could be evidence of something alien-made.
 Oh. When you say "exciting," do you mean "go back to my place" exciting or "hold our breath and do it here"? Mahalo.
 And, with apologies to Lady Gaga, that's how a star is born.
 Although, if you haven't seen that movie, you should. I cried so much. Well, that's the lecture for today. Uh, let's open it up for questions. Uh... Oh, you! Sir, yes. You have a question?
 Are you sure? I get the sense it's only one part.
 46000 years. And no, I don't plant my friends, because apparently, I don't have any. Uh, any other questions? Uh, yes. You, miss.
 Oh, thank you so much.
 I was just illustrating that there are many unknowns, and as scientists, we can't preemptively rule out possibilities.
 A-Actually, no, that's...
 That's not what I said, Howard.
 Okay, any other questions? Mm. Not about aliens? What?
 Now I'm some sort of big joke. I'm even on some alien conspiracy blog. See? "Caltech astrophysicist finds proof of alien life'' 
 That's not the point.
 Why is that?
 You see? That's what I'm talking about. People have been doing that to me all day.
 Oh, come on!
 I know a lot of people have been having fun claiming that I said I found alien life. I want to make it clear that is not what I said. I did say that was one possible explanation. I don't think that's something to mock. Right? It would be arrogant for us to assume that we are alone in the universe. And as scientists, we need to remain open to the possibility that the truth may sound silly or far-fetched. Uh, the round Earth. Germs that cause diseases. Subatomic particles. All these at one time seemed fanciful. So who's to say what science fiction of today will be the reality of tomorrow? Will there be colonies on Mars? Uh, matter transporters? Perhaps the Loch Ness Monster is real. Who knows? I'm just saying that... the only way science moves forward is to follow the evidence wherever it leads, even if it makes us sound crazy sometimes.
 Maybe because you want to win, but deep down you know it's not the honorable way to do it. Otherwise, you would've done it already.
 Other than Bernadette? That does not sound right.
 Oh, well, who was it?
 Okay. Okay, well, well, let's see. Okay? We-we know it wasn't Penny, we know it wasn't Susan...
 Uh, because she had a type.
 Don't make me say it.
 See? It's mean, right?
 Uh, yeah, you're right, it was totally Susan.
 It's a little creepy that you remember all their names.
 How come we never eat in the dining room?
 What am I?
 Next week. But it's been good, you know? Really given me a chance to focus on myself.
 I didn't like what I saw, got in my car, drove over here.
 Hey.
 It's all right, neither did they.
 I've noticed she's been over here a lot lately.
 Uh, no, no, she wasn't here Wednesday night.
 That reminds me. Oreos.
 Hi.
 Oh, it's so good to see your face. H-How's the concierge conference? You guys just get theater tickets for each other all day long?
 Notting Hill? Like the movie? Uh, "I'm just a boy standing in front of a girl saying..." you better bring me home a T-shirt. I can't wait for you to come home.
 That's amazing. T-That's your dream.
 Oh.
 What does that mean for us?
 This is where my work is, this is where my friends are.
 Not for years. What's your point?
 It's great.
 Well, we got into this because we both wanted to get married, and honestly, we've been dragging our feet, and I think this is the push that we need.
 Why not? We like each other, plus, we both want to start a family. Hey, I can work from anywhere, I'm an astronomer. They have stars in London, and I'm not just talking about Dame Judi Dench.
 If she says yes, and if that's what she wants to do, then yeah.
 Yeah, I know. I'm flying out tomorrow. I'm gonna surprise her with a ring.
 Well, it's the same one as before.
 I did, but I took it back.
 What? What are you doing here?
 But what if this is my last chance at marriage and family?
 You really think so?
 Are you saying... you're just a boy... standing in front of another boy... saying you don't want him to leave?
 I love you, buddy.
 How'd you get past security?
 Was it your left hand or your right hand?
 Do we have a choice?
 Quirky.
 Everyone okay in there?
 Amy?
 Hey, what's wrong?
 No. Let me see. Well, that is an unfortunate angle. But who cares? You just won the Nobel. You should be proud of this moment. 
 No. No, you are a beautiful woman. By the way, if you're not happy with those pictures, then make some changes. Get a haircut, new clothes, new glasses, big glasses... No glasses-- then you won't be able to see those pictures.
 Excuse me, i-if I'm not mistaken, the Nobel comes with a substantial cash prize. What were you gonna spend it on?
 Come on. Do something for yourself.
 And some makeup and a new wardrobe and a little thank you gift for your shopping buddy if we see something he likes. Come on.
 Beverly Hills, where the things he likes are.
 Hey, is Penny here?
 I wanted to show her my latest creation. I give you... Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler.
 But she looks beautiful! Classic lines, colors that complement her skin tone, and hair that goes from "office" to "on the town" in minutes.
 Oh, stop. You're allowed to get a haircut.
 Is it me or did it just get fierce in here?
 We're all guilty of it.
 Which happens anyway.
 Is that why you wear a hoodie all the time?
 I bet that's the reason.
 Cinnamon is chick bait.
 Just remember, you're in charge. Don't let her pull you.
 And please, if you have any problems, any questions, call me immediately, okay? She's my baby.
 If my blood sugar drops and I get bitchy, it's on you.
 Howard. Howard.
 You see the woman sitting next to me?
 Is this her? 
 Shh! Be cool.
 Okay. How about now?
 I found her boarding pass in her purse. It's totally her.
 Yeah, I know.

