 Leonard, have you gotten married yet?
 Good. Don’t do it.
 Some important new information has come to light. Women are the worst. I thought it was paper cuts, but I was wrong. No piece of paper ever cut me this deep.
 Amy has ended our relationship.
 Is Penny crying?
 No, of course not. They thrive on our suffering.
 Yes. If I ever talk about going out with a girl again, roll your eyes at me like I do to you when you say dumb things.
 Whatever.
 Why did I just hear Amy’s name?
 Did she say anything about me? Never mind. I don’t care. Well, if you care, you can find out and tell me. Just don’t be shocked when you find out that I don’t care.
 Amy’s upset? Is it about me?
 Your marriage is causing her pain? Yeah, great, I take it back. Go ahead and do it. Yay for love.
 Hello.
 When last we spoke, you said you needed time.
 The Lord of the Rings trilogy was nearly 11 hours. I made you watch that, you said it was an eternity.
 Very well. You seem to be headed somewhere. May I walk with you?
 Boy, I’m glad we’re going out again.
 Why? Is there someone else? Just couldn’t wait for that first notch on your bedpost, could you?
 And who’s this guy you’re taking?
 Oh, you’re going to a wedding alone? That’s sad.
 Your friends? Well, I think you mean my friends. And why wasn’t I invited to this?
 We make everyone feel awkward. That’s our thing.
 I didn’t want to come in. I was told it would make everyone feel uncomfortable. So I’ll just stay out here and pretend that I don’t have to go to the bathroom.
 I see. And is that why everybody was invited but me?
 Raj, you’re probably wondering why Amy and I aren’t showing any affection to one another.
 Well, you should know that she recently broke up with me.
 You hear that? Raj is devastated.
 I see what’s happening. Sides are forming. Well, if Bernadette’s on Amy’s team, I pick Howard.
 Fine, I guess I’m stuck with Raj.
 Amy, I don’t understand, are we broken up or not? It’s like you can’t make up your mind.
 Well, you should think fast, because men can sire offspring their entire lives, but those eggs you’re toting around have a sell-by date.
 Will someone take me home?
 Hello, Mother.
 I just wanted to let you know that you can remove Amy from your nightly prayers. Unless you’re open to praying for a beehive to fall on her head.
 She broke up with me.
 No, I’ll be okay. But I think that I’d like to send the ring back to you.
 It’s over for me. I’m done with women. Like when I swore off Pop Rocks. They both hurt you on purpose.
 Are you going to say it’s all part of God’s plan?
 Then no, thank you.
 Wasn’t Mary Magdalene a woman of ill repute?
 Wow. Well, marriage must agree with you. Well, you are just glowing.
 Well, whatever it is, it agrees with you.
 Knock, knock, knock, Penny? Knock, knock, knock, Penny? Knock, knock, knock, Penny?
 Leonard told me what happened, so I took it upon myself to make you a hot beverage.
 Yeah. I know. Turns out, being sweet isn’t enough to keep a girl these days. I blame Madonna.
 Well, I’m sorry about Leonard. Thought I raised him better than that.
 He does? Who is it?
 Mandy Chao?
 Oh, you don’t need to worry about her. She’s brilliant and attractive. She can do way better than Leonard.
 Wait a minute. I know this may sound far fetched, but I’m on the market now. You know, if I dated Mandy, that would teach both Leonard and Amy a lesson.
 Oh, you’re right. I could never be with a woman whose self-esteem was so low she’d be with Leonard.
 Yeah, I know. Forever. Who would have believed these things would happen to us?
 Hang on. You knew that she was going to end it with me? Did you try and stop her?
 Do what makes her happy? She plays the harp and her car is paid for. How much happier can she be?
 I see. Well, I think I’ll be going.
 No, no, no, no. We are done here. Would you mind opening the door and then angrily slamming it behind me?
 Thank you. And slam it hard, because I am pretty steamed.
 Would you like to hear another reason why men are better than women?
 You would never kiss me and make me say I love you and then break up with me.
 And you know why? ‘Cause you’re a man. The champagne of genders.
 Yeah, well, and you admit it, like a man. All you hear women say is, I’ll just have a salad. You know? Where’s my lip gloss? I think this element should be called radium. That last one was Madame Curie.
 You know what? She was kind of an honorary man. She had a penis made of science.
 Really? I never imagined it any other way.
 Why are you up?
 Perhaps you can think of this n a more positive light. In one day, you’ve managed to do what it takes many couples decades to achieve.
 Me neither. But I just had a tickle in my throat, not profound marital problems.
 Glad you asked. As I see it, there’s a simple solution. Your lips had a dalliance with the lips of another woman. It seems only logical that to restore balance to the relationship, you should find another man and dally with him. And by dally, I mean some hardcore mouth-on-mouth action.
 I’m currently single.
 I will tell you what is happening. I am saving my best friend’s marriage.
 Well, hello to you, too.
 I understand we’re no longer a couple, but I would like to remind you that we made a baby together.
 A precocious little Internet show known as Fun With Flags.
 Great. See you in about half an hour.
 Why not?
 Sonny and Cher made it work. Their variety show kept going long after the divorce, and here we are still talking about them.
 You must be thinking about Donny and Marie, ’cause you and I are clearly talking about Sonny and Cher.
 Well, if you want to see less of me, maybe we should go out again.
 I’m here to return your belongings. That’s what people who’ve broken up do.
 On the contrary, you no longer get to enjoy my charming eccentricities. We’re not friends with benefits.
 Wait. Don’t you want to go through it to make sure I haven’t forgotten anything?
 You wore it the night we went ice-skating. Remember?
 We made one heck of a team, huh?
 It’s not yours? Oh, my. How embarrassing for both of us.
 Hey, you broke up with me. It is none of your business whose naked bosom I’m smooshing around like pizza dough.
 Amy. Amy. Amy. Hmm. Tables work, too. Good to know.
 Hello.
 Oh, of course. Wouldn’t want to intrude. This is yours.
 Nothing odd. I just wanted to rub Amy’s nose in it.
 Now, forgive me for eavesdropping, but as I see it, there’s a simple solution.
 Bring Penny to meet Mandy.
 Well, right now, Penny’s imagination is running wild, but if they meet, that will eliminate the mystery and alleviate her fears. Like when that Sparkletts guy let me look under his eye patch.
 And we learned that you don’t need an eyeball to do that.
 Yes. And that’s coming from me.
 In Leonard? Oh, even the Sparkletts guy could see that’s unlikely.
 Hello. I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper, and welcome to Sheldon Cooper Presents
 And then the Czech Republic says to Slovakia, I don’t think you understand how being broken up works. Can you believe that? You’d think that the Czech Republic would try to hold on to what it had, given that it’s not as young as it used to be. And I don’t see any other countries lining up to invade its southern borders.
 But enough about the Czech Republic. Let’s talk about the time Moldova made Romania a birthday cake and Romania said it tasted good even though it didn’t. And yet Romania gets dumped. I’ll pause here while you mull that one over. I know, right?
 I don’t know why you’re so surprised. I watch movies, I see what people do.
 Plane tickets and hotel reservations for a weekend away in San Francisco.
 Yeah, there’s Fisherman’s Wharf and Alcatraz and cable cars. We’re gonna have so much fun.
 Is there a problem?
 You saw through that one, did you?
 She watched it. I’m gonna get that girl back.
 She was listening through the door. She wants me.
 Would you pass the mustard?
 Is it that the glucosinolates which give mustard its flavour were evolved by the cabbage family as a chemical defence against caterpillars?
 Well, that was fun. Good for you, Leonard.
 Well, I’d hardly call this kidnapping. Where’s the blindfold? Where’s the duct tape? Where’s the part where you call me and demand ransom and I try to keep you on the phone, but you hang up seconds before I can trace it and then I say I’m getting too old for this crud?
 You’re seriously going to get in a van and let these two take you to an unknown destination for an entire weekend?
 Oh, and how do you think you’re going to get me to do that?
 Unhand me. This is ridiculous.
 It’s bad enough I’m being taken against my will. I don’t see why it has to be in some hippie’s mobile sex dungeon.
 It runs on syphilis?
 No.
 Yeah, and talked about physics with them.
 Leonard, don’t be fooled. I’m from Texas, Me-hi-co is Spanish for Mexico.
 Uh, mariachi bands, wild dogs, beans that jump around ’cause there’s a worm inside.
 Viva la Imodium. Ay-ay-ay.
 Uh-oh. According to this Mexican customs website, visitors may not bring more than five laser discs, 20 compact discs or 12 VHS tapes.
 How can you be sure? VHS was king when Feynman drove this van. For all we know, there are hidden compartments lousy with Jane Fonda workout videos.
 Are we all up to date on our yellow fever inoculations?
 You can never be too careful. I got one last year before I went to Epcot.
 It is extraordinary.
 I usually don’t put too much stock in charms and talismans. However, even I must admit feeling Richard Feynman’s butt dent cupping my own bottom that does get the creative juices flowing.
 What was that?
 What if it’s banditos shooting at us? What if we get kidnapped? What if we end up in a factory making Bart Simpson piñatas for the rest of our lives?
 Leonard?
 I am getting too old for this crud.
 If I see one scorpion, I am getting on someone’s shoulders and never coming down.
 Right. Archimedes once said give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.
 Everybody hold on. Let’s take this problem one step at a time. First, we need to decide whether we’re calling it leever or lehver. And the sooner we decide it’s leever, the sooner we can roll up our sleeves, not slehves, and get to work.
 Ooh, the Green Lantern’s ring could make a big green hand that unscrews it.
 Oh, please, the Hulk would never get across the border with that temper.
 Yes, we could use science. But it’s your bachelor party. Lighten up.
 Buddy you’re a boy, make a big noise playin’ in the street, gonna be a big man someday. You got mud on your face, you big disgrace, kickin’ your can all over the place. I have an eidetic memory. Sometimes it’s a curse.
 What if that burning food attracts animals?
 We do?
 That’s not very nice.
 What is that awful smell?
 What an innovative solution. Perhaps I don’t give your MIT education enough credit.
 All right, this rust, combined with the aluminium recovered from the van, is now thermite.
 We blew up Feynman’s van.
 What a wonderful day, thank you.
 Blue Icees and a trip to The Container Store? It’s like I died and went to the post-mortem, neuron-induced hallucination commonly mistaken as heaven.
 Age is a state of mind, Leonard. In here I’m 90. Why are you taking your bins over there?
 What’s wrong with your closet?
 So that’s all this day was? A plan to butter me up before delivering bad news?
 No, I thought we were friends. You asked for a sip of my Icee. If you had your own straw, I might’ve said yes.
 You know what they don’t sell at The Container Store? Something large enough to contain my disappointment. Although, if anyone did, it would be them.
 Thank you for letting me come speak with you.
 As my relationships with Penny and Amy are currently strained, I’m turning to you for female comfort and encouragement.
 I tried reaching out to my mother, but she was in Bible study. Leonard’s mother is on a book tour. My Mee-Maw was taking a nap, and after a while Siri started repeating her answers.
 Yeah, I know, top ten, pretty exciting.
 Well, in addition to Amy leaving me, Leonard’s moving in with Penny. It’s difficult not to feel abandoned.
 Perhaps I could find someone better than Leonard. Someone I can rub in his face. Chris Pratt’s all the rage right now. I wonder how he’d feel about taking the smaller bedroom.
 Gandalf, but he’s a smoker.
 Just a few more signatures, and we’ll be finished. Initial here to acknowledge that you’ve returned your key. Okay. As my future neighbour, I’d like you to have a key. Initial here to acknowledge you received it.
 Well, it’s not like I’m never going to see you two again. Which brings us to article 23 subsection C, please check here to reserve your spot at the ten year roommate reunion.
 No, but if you want chicken and get stuck with the fish, that’s on you. All right. Oh, and lastly, please initial here to confirm that ownership of the living room couch is hereby transferred to me in perpetuity all throughout the universe and all alternate universes except for those universes where owning a couch is forbidden by the hive queen. In which case, all glory to the hive queen. All right, now all that’s left is for us to sign and date the document, and we will officially no longer be roommates.
 Let me help you. L. E. O. N.
 I appreciate your interest in the apartment. I just need to ask you a few standard questions.
 It says here you’re a chemist. Which element on the periodic table do you feel is too big for its britches?
 Looks like argon’s not the only one with an attitude problem.
 In general, would you say that you smell better, worse or the same as you do right now?
 I was going to ask you what is the best fruit, but then I realized what I want to ask you is why is there a Band-Aid on your forearm, but then I realized what I really want to ask you is just can you just go?
 You’re healthy. You have a job in the sciences. I’ve got to say, if this credit report comes back good, you’re the frontrunner.
 But I met with 11 people, and they all walked out. And that Hollywood phoney Chris Pratt never tweeted me back.
 I suppose. What happened to me, Amy? Years ago I was completely disengaged from my feelings. I’d say it was a happier time, but I was disengaged from my feelings, so who can tell?
 They didn’t used to be. You and Leonard and Penny, you all poisoned me with emotions. I was like the Tin Man, perfectly content until that evil wizard gave him a heart.
 Fine, then I was like Pinocchio before that jerk Geppetto went and made him a real boy.
 Oh, I wish I could, but I realized I’ve become too emotionally vulnerable, so, like an operating system, I’m restoring my life to the last stable version, which was in 2003, the day before I met Leonard.
 No, just because I’m living my life like it was 12 years ago doesn’t mean I’m delusional. And since it is 2003, I don’t know who you are, so please exit the premises before I call the police on my stylish new flip phone.
 Hello, 2003.
 In my present, it’s in the future. In your present, it’s been crammed in the bedroom by an enterprising young man I met in The Home Depot parking lot.
 No, what I’m doing is trying to figure out how to live my life now that everyone is leaving me.
 As the kids are saying today, talk to the hand.
 They are in 2003.
 How can you say that? Amy’s gone, and you two are married now, so it’s only a matter of time before you’re gone, too.
 No, I do. Eventually you’ll want more space, and you’ll move into a house, and then instead of dinner a couple of times a week, it’ll only be a couple of times a month, and then it’ll only be on special occasions, like when Bernadette divorces Wolowitz. Or, or, or like when Koothrappali’s weird girlfriend admits where she buried his body. Or Amy’s wedding, where she’s marrying someone better than me.
 But mostly here.
 You can. I’m happy when you come home. And I’m scared of fireworks. By the way, on July Fourth, we’re all sleeping here.
 All right, great. Just give me one minute, and I’ll get started on a new roommate agreement. Yeah. nothing from Pratt, we’re good.
 Is that the prototype drive system for the high-G rover?
 According to a recent study, simply thinking about exercise, even while sitting still, can have physical benefits. For all you know, I could be exercising right now.
 Nah, I’ll do it tomorrow.
 Had me at flag, lost me at football.
 Interesting. Sword fighting does hold a certain elegant appeal. And I would imagine it meets many of our personal criteria for a sport.
 No throwing, no catching, no running.
 Or worse, up.
 And as an added bonus, the word touché comes from fencing. It would be our only opportunity to use it in a non-metaphorical sense.
 Ah, touché.
 Technically, swashbuckler is a combination of two terms. Swash referring to the sound of the sword. Swash. And then buckler meaning a small shield, which you don’t have.
 We’re not afraid of physical activity.
 Oh, dear.
 Well, I’m not sure I have a dominant leg. They’re both pretty submissive.
 Right. Always right.
 Excuse me, Barry?
 When can I stab one of my friends?
 Uh, yes, I’m aware. But if I say I want to touch one of my friends, I’ll get called into Human Resources.
 En garde, Leonard. Prepare yourself for a rigorous touching.
 I’m looking forward to him teaching us glove-slapping.
 You know, when my honour is insulted, and I need to challenge someone to a duel by slapping them across the face with my glove.
 My last physical.
 Ah, this is fun.
 Not that it’s any of your business, but she broke up with me.
 Good to know? What’s that supposed to mean?
 Well, that’s unacceptable.
 Yeah, but he’s dumb, and his face is dumb.
 You really think so?
 How dare you.
 Barry, a word?
 If you intend to pursue Amy, you leave me with no choice but to put a stop to it.
 By challenging you to a duel.
 That is why the duel will take place at high noon, three years from today. If you’re worth your salt as an instructor, I should be ready by then. Yeah, and be warned. I’m going to touch you all over.
 Look at this blister. Like it or not, we’re athletes now. Besides, a bar is where I belong. I’m having female problems.
 That’s ridiculous.
 True, but Penny’s married, and so is Bernadette. And your girlfriend has red hair and white skin, which really rubs up against my clown phobia.
 There’s that prostate doctor, but I’m still mad at her. Oh, there’s a woman. I’ll make her my girlfriend.
 You’re forgetting something. Ladies love jocks.
 Excuse me. I’m recovering from a recent breakup, and I’m told asking out another woman might make me feel better. And as Ash Ketchum said to Pikachu, I choose you.
 It’s a Pokémon reference.
 Well, we gave it a shot. How about you?
 Ah, what might have been. And you, give my regards to Barnum and Bailey.
 I smell funny. I taste salty.
 And kind of delicious. I wonder how many licks it would take to get to the centre of me.
 Hello.
 You don’t have to leave.
 I’m doing all right. I tried fencing today.
 It was pretty easy. And I think my background in mathletics helped. Barry Kripke was there. I should let you know that he expressed interest in asking you out.
 Okay. But don’t get too attached to him. in two years, 364 days, he’s a dead man.
 Interesting. I asked two women out today, and they both said no.
 I’ve been told it’s a good way to move on.
 Thanks. And I taste good too.
 Leonard, I’ve got terrible news.
 Before I tell you, perhaps I should soften the blow. You’re face is pleasingly symmetrical.
 A Swedish team of physicists is trying to scoop our super-fluid vortex experiment.
 That kind of stinks? Why aren’t you more upset? Did I soften the blow too much? Because this here is more like a Picasso painting.
 Perform the experiment immediately.
 A month? What? Are you kidding me? That would have been a good time for you to soften the blow.
 Thank you. Aren’t you sweet.
 Did you know that I almost didn’t wear this shirt today?
 But you won’t need much for that.
 Not a chance.
 He said be honest, so I was honest. Didn’t your mother tell you? It’s the best policy. So, what do you say?
 He could’ve softened the blow.
 Leonard, if that Swedish team beats us, I will never be able to enjoy anything from their country again. Which is a shame, because Swedish meatballs are my favourite toothpick-delivered meatball.
 Where does he work?
 How many questions are too many questions?
 Four questions. There answer’s four.
 What’s he say?
 Really? You know I don’t like buying things at night. January 7th, 2009, I went to the Ralph’s at 11
 That’s right. And what did he do?
 It’s like it was yesterday.
 Of course I do. I don’t want that Swedish team scooping us.
 Leonard, wait. This is highly unethical.
 Was she helping him with his research?
 Well, but where does he get the helium?
 Uh, but this is violating university code.
 Huh. All right, do it. Tell him we’re in.
 I can’t find that quote on the Internet. Did you make that up?
 Aren’t you just made of sugar.
 Oh, of course. An nondescript, white panel van. You may be familiar with it from the sentence, their bodies were found in a nondescript, white panel van.
 I’m Skippy. Skippy Cavanaugh.
 Wait, hold on, hold on. How do we know that you’re not gonna take the money and drive away?
 Exactly what 1970s television crime dramas have taught us. You give us the helium first.
 Guess I’m not the only one who watches ’70s television crime dramas.
 Well, he is. I’m a wedding planner who can’t find love himself. It’s ironic, but the point is we can’t trust you. You’re a sketchy character in a parking garage.
 Well, I never thought of it like that. Boy, frame of reference will just sneak up on you, won’t it?
 Not technically. In chess, a stalemate refers to a situation in which there are no remaining moves. Uh, you have plenty of moves available. You could beat us up and steal the money. You could kill us, you know. Really, you’re only limited by your imagination.
 Not necessarily. Uh, many argue the essence of a Mexican standoff is that no one can walk away from the conflict without incurring harm.
 Let me give you an example. Earlier today, I decoded the headers on your e-mail, and I know that your name is Kenneth Fitzgerald. From that, I figured out where you live and where you work. Now, to make this a Mexican standoff, I would say something like, uh, you give us the helium or I’ll turn you in to the authorities.
 Yeah, exactly. See, you’re getting it.
 Perfect. Now we really are in a Mexican standoff. Is this one of those times where I’ve won the battle but lost the war?
 I told you we shouldn’t go shopping at night.
 Space-time can be interpreted as the surface of an n-dimensional superfluid.
 And I’m sorry I lied about being a wedding planner who can’t find love. Although I am currently single, if you know anybody.
 Did you hear that, Leonard? There’s plenty we could do about it. Do you have a card?
 Right this way, Uncle Harvey.
 I’m trying not to attract attention.
 She said buenas noches. What was he supposed to do?
 Leonard, we should probably have our story straight in case we get caught.
 Well, you can’t be sure of that. What if the helium dealer rats us out? What if Kripke asks where we got it? What if the university checks my family tree and finds out I don’t have an Uncle Harvey?
 Uh-oh.
 Well, did you see this sticker?
 It’s partially torn off, but the segment that remains reads property of and the letter U.
 Yeah, but what if it’s Property of U.S. Government? There’s a national helium reserve in Amarillo, Texas. If this was stolen from there, we’re accessories to a federal crime.
 That’s true. There’s the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Department of Defence, U.S. Navy, you and I are going to jail.
 Anyway, if you could just give us our money back, you can have your helium and we’ll be on our way.
 He has glasses and I’m a know-it-all, we are not built for prison.
 You’re taking advantage of us? We clarified nomenclature together.
 I don’t understand.
 Well, it better not be more than a thousand dollars. That’s all I’ve got on me.
 Finally, something breaks our way.
 Well, the Swedes might beat us, but at least we won’t get gang-noogied in prison.
 It scared me straight, Leonard.
 That’s preposterous.
 I don’t like being extorted like this. Especially by him of all people.
 How can you trust Wikipedia if they use between to refer to three parties?
 Or amongst, if they were feeling whimsically archaic.
 Absolutely. But don’t be surprised if this movie sets you on the straight and narrow.
 Listen to this. I just received an e-mail from Wil Wheaton. Leonard Nimoy’s son is working on a documentary that he started with his father before he passed away. It’s about Mr. Spock and his impact on our culture.
 Well, they’re looking for fans to interview, and Wil thought I’d be good for it.
 Absolutely not. Yeah, Penny, you spent some time in front of the camera. Any words of advice?
 This is a documentary about Mr. Spock. I’m sure if there’s nudity, it will be tasteful.
 Hello, Amy. It’s Sheldon. Yeah, I, I know that we’re broken up, but I’m leaving this message because I thought perhaps you’d like to watch me be interviewed for a documentary about Mr. Spock. Or as I like to call it, a Spockumentary. Yeah, I’m going to use that joke in the interview, so try to laugh like you’re hearing it for the first time. You know, hysterically, hmm? And with a tinge of sadness that I’m no longer in your life.
 Hello.
 Oh, it’s nice to meet you. I admire your father’s work very much. It’s not every day I get to meet someone whose life’s journey began in my hero’s scrotum.
 All right. But this better not be some elaborate scheme to get me out of my shirt.
 Dr. Sheldon Cooper, theoretical physicist, Caltech.
 The first episode of Star Trek
 I think the same thing that appeals to people everywhere, the dream of a cold, rational world entirely without human emotion. Spock came from a planet governed only by logic. You know, on Vulcan, when your brother asks, why are you hitting yourself? the answer is, I’m not. You’re moving my arm. To which he says, Fascinating. And then you both watch educational television.
 I have many. My most treasured is an autographed napkin given to me by my very thoughtful friend Penny. That’s her over there.
 Of course. Excuse me. This will just take a moment.
 When there was no more room in the floor safe.
 When we got the security camera.
 Aquaman, protecting your home since 2012.
 Yeah. You don’t have to tell me.
 Not only is it signed to me but this is where he wiped his mouth. So we are currently in the presence of Leonard Nimoy’s DNA.
 No offence, but this is pure 100% Nimoy. Because of your mother, you’re only 50%. Which isn’t bad, but anything that you wipe your mouth on gets thrown away.
 Wouldn’t you like to know?
 All right then. See? Just my valuables. My passport, uh, my will.
 Yeah. My 1/18 scale Wil Wheaton action figure. I also have the other kind of will, and in it I will my Wil back to Wil.
 Oh. That is an engagement ring that I was going to give my girlfriend Amy.
 No, no. This has been in my family for generations. Except for a short time when Comanches cut off my great-great-great-grandmother’s finger and stole it.
 No. The Texas Rangers tracked them down to their village and slaughtered every last one of them. It was a happy ending. Well, for my nine-fingered Nana.
 No. She broke up with me before I could broach the subject.
 No, not at all. No, I’m fine. You know, Amy had reservations about our relationship, so all worked out for the best.
 I said I’m fine! We’ve gotten a little off-topic. Allow me to make things entertaining again in this little Spockumentary. That was Leonard’s joke. As a child, when faced with a dilemma, my mother encouraged me to ask what would Jesus do? The answer to that was always love thy neighbour. But my neighbour had a dead tooth, so that wasn’t going to happen. But that’s why I changed it to, what would Spock do?
 Yes. Oh, for example, three years ago when I discovered Penny was eating all my Pop-Tarts, instead of getting angry or vindictive, you know, I got a floor safe.
 Oh, certainly. Uh, when I was eight years old, Billy Sparks cornered me in the playground. I asked myself what would Spock do? Then I grabbed Billy on his shoulder and performed my first Vulcan nerve pinch.
 Oh, no, he broke my collarbone. I can still hear it click.
 Oh, not at all. As I said, the entire point of emulating Spock was to rise above human emotion, which I’ve spent a lifetime mastering.
 Excuse me?
 No. You went pfft. What does pfft mean?
 Not true. No, look at me. I had an engagement ring to give a girl, and instead, she rejected me. And am I emotional about that? No. No, I am sitting here on a couch, talking about my favourite TV character like nothing happened. ‘Cause I am just like him, all logical, all the time.
 Because when I speak at a regular volume, no one seems to believe me that I’ve put this Amy nonsense behind me.
 Hello.
 Better. Did Wil and Adam leave?
 Do you think they’re going to put my outburst in the documentary?
 Well, there’s no point in dwelling on it. As the Vulcans say, Kup-fun-tor ha’kiv na’ish Du stau.
 Well, this is ridiculous. Being upset about Amy all the time isn’t accomplishing anything. If I want to resolve this situation, then I need to take action.
 I’m going to find her and ask her to marry me. And if she says yes, we can put this behind us and resume our relationship. And if she says no, well, then she can just ponfo miran.
 Yeah, right. You can just shut your feelings off. There goes television, lying to us again. We let you raise our children, and this is the thanks we get. Leonard, how could I have been so foolish to try and follow in the footsteps of a made-up alien race with no emotions?
 Those are very wise words.
 They’d just be so much more comforting if they came out of a television.
 Oh, Dr. and Mrs. Hofstadter, lovely to see you this fine morning.
 Yeah, I am indeed. I have decided, instead of wallowing in sadness about Amy, it is time that I find myself a new female companion.
 I realized something. When Amy was in my life, I was hyper-focused on my work and ignored her.
 No, I need a new woman in my life to ignore so I can hyper-focus on my work again.
 On oatmeal day?
 Ooh, that’s a lot of carbohydrates for a man on the prowl. You know what? You eat it. You’re married, it doesn’t matter what you look like.
 Thank you for coming by, gentlemen.
 Well, it was the two of you who found Amy Farrah Fowler for me. Now that I’m looking for my next girlfriend, it seemed only logical that I employ your services once again.
 Oh, no, it’s all right. I think of my time with Amy as a stick of Fruit Stripe gum. Sweet and enjoyable at first, but ultimately a flavourless lump of sadness.
 Gentlemen.
 All I’m looking for is an educated, intelligent woman who shares my interests while retaining her own unique point of view. She should be kind, patient, and most important, unable to imagine life without me by ten o’clock tonight.
 All right, fine, she doesn’t need her own point of view. Now, chop-chop.
 Are you sure? I’ve heard that on those sites, often when you think you’re corresponding with someone, it’s actually a computer program pretending to be a real person.
 Excuse me. No one does a better job pretending to be a person than I do. Siri comes close, but I know more jokes.
 Off the top of my head? Uh, prospective women weed themselves out in a battle of wits until only one champion remains, and she shows up at my door flush with the thrill of victory, and then sits quietly by my side while I watch Daredevil.
 People compete for jobs and trophies, why not me?
 And I have the soulful eyes of a cow.
 Oh, we’ll make the puzzles extremely challenging to eliminate unworthy candidates.
 That’s it. The Sheldon Cooper Girlfriend Challenge is officially live.
 Right now, somewhere, a woman is dividing the atomic weight of the best noble gas by the number of colours in the oldest national flag still in use.
 And, taking her first step towards a lifetime of laughter, love and, best of all, rules.
 Golly, she sounds too good to be true.
 Someone will show.
 Someone will show.
 Well, by that logic, I should be with someone short, dull and needy, eh? Not to cast aspersions, but I can’t shake a stick around here without hitting that.
 One minute is a long time.
 45 seconds is plenty of time for a woman to walk through that door and fall in love with me. You know, probably half that if I break out the old cow eyes.
 Uh-oh. What if it’s Jennifer Lawrence?
 Well, that last Hunger Games was not my cup of tea.
 Oh, fine, I won’t shut my heart to the love of Jennifer Lawrence.
 Sounds like a drama queen. Oh, no. It is Jennifer Lawrence.
 All right. Can I help you?
 Yes.
 Careful, it’s addictive.
 And just like that, you’re a Klingon-Sanskrit junkie.
 I am a bit of a unicorn. Well, you certainly seem like a special lady, uh, but as you know, you missed the deadline, so thanks for playing.
 She was late. And she found atomic spectroscopy boring. Well, I wouldn’t coitus her with your genitals.
 Hey. Good news, everybody. Now that I’m no longer with Amy, I have an extra ticket to the annual Thanksgiving lunch buffet at the aquarium cafeteria. Who wants it? Well, you realize you won’t be going alone, I’ll be there the whole time. Providing fish and pilgrim facts. Can you people hear me?
 Well, Howard, what about you?
 Well, I’m calling because Thanksgiving is coming up, and I wanted to offer you the aquarium tickets.
 No. They’d rather spend the holiday with each other than find out of this is the year I finally touch a starfish. Anyway, I wouldn’t want the tickets to go to waste, so take whomever you’d like.
 And feel free to tell your guest that the Myanmar catfish is also known as the pilgrim fish. In case the turkey’s dry and you need something juicy.
 You don’t think that will be awkward?
 Very well, then. I’ll see you on Thanksgiving morning.
 Oh, and forget what I said about the Myanmar catfish. My list of marine-themed pilgrim facts is pretty short.
 And there goes my list.
 Hello.
 I am. You know, and in an effort to reduce awkwardness as we learn how to function as friends, I printed out a list of safe topics for polite conversation.
 If there were a list of things that make me more comfortable, lists would be on the top of that list. Okay, now, oh, since last we spoke, have you acquired any pets?
 No. Um, since last we spoke, have you planned or gone on any vacations?
 Mm. Your aunt in Modesto?
 Bakersfield. I see. Where has this list been all my life?
 and then the next day was 73 degrees, and the day after that was 72, and then it was 72 again, uh, then it was 74, and that brings us to today, at I’d wear shorts if I had a pair. 78.
 I don’t know if I’d call it discussing. You kind of sat back and let me do all the work. Let’s see, what’s next on the list. Oh, uh, do you whittle, and if so, what kind of knife do you use.
 All right. Well, what should we talk about?
 Very well. I know you’ve been seeing other men. Have you had coitus with any of them?
 I’m sensing things have gotten awkward.
 All right.
 Just a few.
 How many dates have you been on? Who were they with? Where’d you go? Where did you meet them? Did you sleep with them? And how much longer to the aquarium? I’m getting kind of hungry.
 Is that regular or honey nut?
 You mixed them. No wonder gentleman callers are pounding down your door. Do you have any questions for me?
 I am.
 I believe you. I’d believe you more if you threw a few Apple Jacks in here.
 You know, for a Thanksgiving buffet in an aquarium cafeteria, that was really bad.
 They gave one to that baby. He wasn’t even awake.
 Oh. Would you care to play an ocean-themed game I invented?
 It’s called Food, Friend, Fight. One of us chooses three aquatic creatures, and the other one must decide which he would eat, befriend, or battle.
 What is that?
 Well, my game is better, ’cause instead of marrying someone, you get to eat them.
 I’ll start you off easy. Electric eel, pufferfish, shrimp.
 Very well done.
 Well, I’d befriend SpongeBob but he’s not real, so I can’t do that, can I?
 Hey, let’s not pull at that thread. Okay. I’ll fight SpongeBob, because he’s so friendly we’ll just end up tickling each other. Um, I’ll befriend the seal, because he’s trainable, which is the problem I’m having with my current friends. Which means I’ll have to eat the hagfish.
 I know. It makes its own gravy, it’ll slide right down.
 How can you miss a game you’ve never played before, silly?
 Me, too. It’s comforting to know that she and I are able to function as friends.
 Oh, I’m sure you and Leonard will be able to pull it off.  Oh. It’s my friend Amy. Hello.
 Did you have a nice time?
 Well, I can’t take all the credit. It was pretty funny when that one anchovy started going the wrong way.
 Oh. I thought we were just friends.
 Amy, I excel at many things, but getting over you wasn’t one of them. I think I need to just be your friend.
 Good. Oh, I watched a video of the hagfish producing mucus, so I’m gonna change my answer and eat SpongeBob.
 Sheldon Cooper’s descent into madness, day two. It’s 2
 What are you talking about?
 Are you sure? Sometimes when my brain really gets moving, it makes noise.
 Let’s see. Hey, I was humming. One point for Hufflepuff. What song is that?
 Who lives in a pineapple. Nope.
 I feel like I know what song that is, but I can’t put my finger on it. My country, ’tis of thee. No.
 Okay. R-E-S-P-E-C-T. No.
 I’m surprised you have to ask.
 Hello, yes, I was hoping you could help me. What song is this? La, la, la, la, la, la, la. You don’t know? Well, how dare you call yourselves a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame? My goodness. Do you sing along to the greatest hits of Elvis Presley with that mouth? Well, they were no help at all.
 Well, I’m not everybody. I have an eidetic memory. I should be able to remember what song this is, but I can’t. Something’s wrong with me.
 I was always afraid this day would come. This might be the first step of my descent into madness, where I gradually test the limits of public nudity.
 Why can’t I recall this song? This is taking far too long. The urge to bang my head against the wall again and again and again and again and again is strong.
 No they make my earlobes sweat.
 There was a project I’ve been thinking about starting.
 I’ll show you. Dear Crazy Future Sheldon, you were driven mad by an earworm. Your mind, once your most trusted asset, is now a sack of parrots and monkeys. So, I’m going to tell you everything you need to know. Uh, first, music is dangerous. The movie Footloose tried to warn us, but we wouldn’t listen. Oh, wait. Everyody cut footloose. Nope.
 This is Penny. She is your friend. If she offers you food, it’s safe to take it. You probably paid for it, anyway.
 What are you doing in my room? Stop it. That’s mine. Why are you so strong?
 Dear Crazy Future Sheldon, this is a thermostat. It controls the temperature of the apartment. The ideal setting is 72 degrees. If you find this too cold, then put on a jacket. A straitjacket, ’cause 72’s the best and you’re crazy. Now, this is your spot. You’re very protective of it. When anyone else tries to sit here, you berate them relentlessly. It sounds mean, but somehow you make it adorable. People are also delighted by your love of pranks. For example, Leonard has no idea what I did to his coffee. It wasn’t replace it with Folger’s crystals, I’ll tell you that much.
 This is Leonard. He’s your best friend in the world.
 Sometimes he gets cranky, but you can trust him with your life. And he does more things for you than I can even begin to list.
 Oh, no, he’s drinking it.
 Bah, bam, bum-bum, bah, bum, bum. This song is never going to stop. Have you ever dealt with something so relentlessly irritating?
 Well, I shouldn’t be surprised. There’s a rich history of brilliant minds descending into madness.
 Empedocles thought he was a god and jumped into a volcano. And Pythagoras had an irrational fear of beans. Tesla fell madly in love with a pigeon who he claimed loved him back.
 The list extends outside of science. Painters like Van Gogh and Pollock, chess champion Bobby Fischer, Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys. I remember the song. It’s called Darlin’ by the Beach Boys. Oh, thank goodness. I’m not crazy. I don’t have to take a pigeon as my bride.
 I wonder why it was this particular song that was stuck in my head.
 They have beach right in the name. What do you think?
 Of course. I’m already seeing a more efficient way of taming the ultravi… I know why the song was in my head.
 It’s about Amy.
 It’s about how she made my life better. Consider the lyrics. I was living like half a man. Then I couldn’t love, but now I can. More soul than I ever had. I love the way you soften my life.”
 Yes. She’s like the dryer sheets of my heart. I have to go.
Amy? Amy? Amy?
 I don’t care. Amy, there was a song I couldn’t get out of my head. Eventually, I realized the song was about you, and like that earworm, I can’t get you out of my heart. So, what I’m trying to say is, you’re my heartworm. The metaphorical kind, not, not the poodle-killing kind.
 I’m, I’m sorry; I didn’t realize you were on a date.
 Amy, if you want to be my girlfriend again, I really want to be your boyfriend.
 Good. Because I love you.
 Well, I’ll let you get back to your date.
 What?
 The Web site’s frozen. I can’t get in.
 All right, this goes against everything I stand for, but desperate times call for desperate measures. Lord, this is Sheldon Cooper. You’re good friends with my mom. I know I’ve spent my life denying that you exist.
 And I will continue to do so!
 Oh, thank you.
 Hey, Thursday can’t get here soon enough. I’m taking off work to watch the original trilogy while I eat enough Star Wars cereal to choke a Wookiee.
 And you do realize I bought my ticket when Amy and I were broken up? I hope you didn’t need anything in that case, ’cause it’s closed.
 But someone might spoil the movie. No one can spoil Amy’s birthday for me. Surprise, she’s even older. Who saw that coming?
 Arthur, what brings you back?
 In the past, you’ve come to me when I’m struggling with a dilemma.
 Well, my friends are telling me I shouldn’t abandon my girlfriend on her birthday to see the new Star Wars movie.
 Those are the robes of the Jedi, the guardians of peace and justice in the galaxy.
 So, you agree with my friends that I should skip the premiere?
 Yes. But she knows how important Star Wars is to me.
 By seeing the movie she’d want me to see?
 You’re right.
 Where are you going?
 I wanted to let you know I’ll be spending your birthday with you.
 See, I, I had tickets to the Star Wars premiere that night, but Professor Proton came to me in a dream dressed as Obi-Wan Kenobi and convinced me I should be with you.
 I’ll, I’ll let you get back to sleep now. Good night.
 It’s late. Got to go. Bye.
 Hello.
 No, I can’t. I need to make preparations for Amy’s birthday. Which leads me to the following bit of business. This is my ticket to Star Wars. I don’t have to tell you it is worth far more than its face value of fifteen dollars and fifty cents. I trust you’ll give it to someone worthy.
 This is my ticket to Star Wars….
Penny. Penny. Penny.
 Bernadette. Bernadette. Bernadette.
 Keep it up. I got nowhere else to be.
 For future reference, if I want to watch Mean Girls, I’ll stream it on Netflix.
 Well, as you know, I’ll be celebrating Amy’s birthday with her, and I could use your assistance in helping me select the perfect gift.
 Well, so far, I’ve come up with three ideas. The first is a chance for her to play the harp with the L.A. Philharmonic.
 Well, I said a chance, you know. When you tell them it’s your birthday at Bennigan’s, they make a fuss. I don’t see why the Philharmonic would be any different.
 Well, Amy enjoys knitting her own sweaters, so I was thinking of getting her an all-expense-paid trip to the Wisconsin Sheep and Wool Festival.
 No, no, no, no. She’d be going alone. Well, if you think I’m afraid of birds, you should see me around sheep.
 That I have coitus with her.
 Which do you think she’d prefer? Because I checked the Sheep and Wool Festival Web site, and there’s only 8,000 tickets left.
 Intimacy in any form has been challenging for me, but I’d like to show her how important she is, and it feels like now might be the right time.
 Then it’s settled. Amy’s birthday present will be my genitals.
 You’re back.
 I suppose you’re here because I’ve decided to be physical with my girlfriend, and I’ve never done that before.
 So, can you help me?
 Oh, no. Not that. I, I understand the mechanics.
 I think they say junk.
 This is an important night for us, and I’m worried I might be overwhelmed and ruin everything.
 Thank you, Arthur. You are the wisest of the wise.
 Oh, sure. Well, you’re fun to look at.
Birthday girl. Birthday girl. Birthday girl.
 Oh.
 Hello. Sorry I’m late. I also got you a balloon, but it floated away, and I chased it for a while.
 Okay. Ooh, this is different, hmm? Candles and music.
 It’s kind of spooky.
 No, no, no. It’s your birthday. As long as no one jumps out in a hockey mask, I’ll be fine.
 I thought I could take you out to a nice birthday dinner. If we pick a place east of here, we might find the balloon.
 Oh. All right. Um. I should probably tell you something about this gift.
 Yes. May I ask you a question before I give it to you?
 Why are we saying give it to you like that?
 I see. Is that all right? I’m sorry, but this is a litigious society. I’m gonna need verbal consent.
 You know what, let me pull a quick contract off the Internet.
 Hello.
 All right. Hello.
 Why are you shaking? Are you cold?
 Why?
 Neither do I. But we can find out together.
 Well, I enjoyed that more than I thought I would.
 I look forward to your next birthday when we do it again.
 Arthur. What are you doing here? I, I don’t think I need any more advice.
 Oh. It was amazing. I, I saw it a few days later. What a movie.
 Oh. Uh, uh, she liked it fine. But she doesn’t have the history with the franchise I do.
 I’m glad to see you made it safely. How’s your hotel?
 I know how you feel. The Best Buy by my house is only the third best Best Buy. They have the best buys, but having the best buys isn’t the only thing that makes a Best Buy the best Best Buy.
 Mm, that’s a great question. I like when they’re next to a Chipotle.
 All right. Enjoy the neurobiology conference.
 At a neurobiology conference? What a mean thing to say.
 Aw, you always know just what to say after I tell you what to say.
 Bye. Oh, good news, gentlemen. Amy’s at a conference this weekend, which means I’m available to be entertained, hmm. As today’s youth might put it, who wants to get their Sheld-on?
 That sounds awful. Raj?
 That’s the one to beat. Leonard?
 Well, then it looks like we have a winner. Congratulations.
 Uh, stop selling it, kid. You won.
 A doctor? Well, I hope you’re not contagious. I’ve got a weekend in the telescope room I’ve been excited about for almost three minutes.
 Sexual insecurity.
 Kind of a wuss.
 Still hasn’t bought milk even though I told him two days ago.
 What are you doing?
 Hmm. What are you doing now?
 Oh, I see. How about now?
 Well, I can be helpful. Give me something to do. You know, my father took me to work once, and in ten minutes I figured out who’d been stealing from the cash register. It was my father. Yeah, Dad lost his job, but Mr. Hinckley gave me a Fudgsicle.
 Yep, I’m on it. Hey, look at that, an Indian guy outsourcing a computer job to a white fella.
 Found one.
 But, look, an optical transient.
 It wasn’t difficult. You know how when you see prime numbers, they appear red, but when they’re twin primes, they’re pink and smell like gasoline?
 Oh. I guess I’m a special boy. You know, sometimes when a boy is special, he gets a Fudgsicle. Which, by the way, tastes like the speed of light.
 Ooh, perhaps it’s a Heliosheath scintillation.
 Maybe it’s a new planet.
 Well, as long as it has a healthy gravity and all its moons, I’ll be happy.
 Come on, Daddy needs a livable planet he can rule with an iron fist.
 That’s it? How common. That’s the chicken fingers on the menu of space.
 Yeah, me, too. I was stuck for a metaphor.
 I suppose it could end up on a collision course with Earth and destroy life as we know it.
 It is kind of cute.
 We better choose a name no one can make fun of. Sir Frederick William Herschel didn’t do Uranus any favours.
 That’s a great idea. I’ve got it. We’ll call it Cooper.
 Koo from Koothrappali and per from Cooper.
 Nah, you’re right, that’s dumb.
 Oh, Leonard, great news. We discovered a medium-sized asteroid together.
 Okay. Guess we’re gonna talk about you now.
 Okay, back to me. I discovered an asteroid, and now I get to name it.
 Now, this isn’t about us, this is about what’s best for the asteroid.
 I haven’t settled on anything yet.
 All right, way to go, Cat Poster. You hang in there.
 It’s perfect. It appears romantic, but it’s really just a rock in space that gets me out of Valentine’s Day forever.
 I like it. Yeah, we’ll take the A-M from Amy and, uh, the Y from Emily.
 Exactly. See how well we work together?
 Good news. You’re an asteroid.
 Perhaps I should explain. While working with Koothrappali, we discovered an asteroid, and I named it after you.
 Well, it took a little negotiating, but I wore him down. Uh, we get the asteroid, and if you and I have children, they all have to be named Rajesh.
 Even the girls.
 I miss you as well.
 Oh, hello, everyone. I am happy to report I’m feeling much better.
 My fever is gone, my sinuses are pressure-free, and my mucus is as clear as a Yosemite waterfall.
 I’ll be able to return to work tomorrow.
 Well, why isn’t everyone happy? Your little ray of sunshine is ready to beam again.
 No. But I knew that his yay was sarcastic. Not bad for a guy whose last bowel movement sounded like rain on a roof.
 Penny, rub Vicks on my chest.
 Oh, sure, grope every other male on the planet, but draw the line with me.
 I hope laughter is the best medicine, ’cause this care package is a joke.
 She’s a dermatologist.
 Well, in that case, try removing the irritating patch of brown skin standing next to you.
 Leonard, I’m dying.
 I asked for chicken noodle. This is chicken and stars. It’s killing me.
 I never did get that chicken noodle, did I?
 Hello.
 Physically, yes, but I’m upset because everyone’s mad at me for no good reason.
 You know how, when you’re sick, you’re allowed to be cranky and say whatever you want and other people’s feelings don’t matter?
 I had a hundred and one fever. If that’s not a time to verbally abuse my loved ones, when is?
 You stayed in Michigan all week to avoid being around me?
 You know, I’m not the only one who’s unpleasant when they’re sick. When Penny got food poisoning, she threw up so loudly I could barely hear the television.
 Oh, where are we going?
 Ugh, Atlantic City without the taffy? No, thank you.
 Well, now, well, that’s hurtful.
 I can consider a place America’s urinal cake and still enjoy the occasional visit.
 Oh, fine. Then I’ll just hang out with Wolowitz.
 Well, then Raj and I will…
 Very well. Stuart.
 Ugh. Stuart.
 Our friends are jerks, and I’m mad at all of them.
 Can you believe they planned a trip to Las Vegas and didn’t invite me?
 You know, I liked it better when there was still a little mystery left in our relationship.
 I can’t believe you’re not on my side. I was on your side when someone stole your car radio.
 I don’t know. A music-loving hobo with a heart of gold?
 Fine, if that’s what it takes to go on their dumb trip.
 I have empathy. Watch. Leonard made me soup, and I was mean to him.
 Fine. Leonard made me soup, and I was mean to him. Hey, I felt a little something. Let me try again. Leonard made me soup, and I was mean to him. I was mean to him. He must have felt terrible. Oh, now I feel terrible. Neat.
 Now let me see you feel bad for lying and staying in Detroit longer than you needed to.
 Hey, we’re both great at this.
 Leonard, get ready for an apology. And with the added twist of an M. Night Shyamalan movie, I’m going to mean it.
 Hey, if you didn’t know Bruce Willis was dead the whole time, that’s not on me. Okay. Here it comes. You tried to take care of me when I was sick, and I was mean to you. There’s no excuse for that. And I’m truly sorry.
 I want you to know that that is sincere. I do feel bad. I’m not just saying it to be included on your trip.
 Terrific. Now all that’s left is for you to invite me to come, me to ask are you sure, you to say absolutely, and then me to bring it home with, how could I say no to that face?
 What? I apologized and I meant it. I know that we don’t play this game very often, but you’re doing it wrong.
 Well, all right. What if I apologize to all of them?
 Challenge accepted. Sounds like it’s time for the Sheldon Cooper Apology Tour.
 My goodness, do you remember comes with apsparagus?
 Howard and Bernadette, you tried to comfort me when I was ill, and I treated you terribly. I’m sorry.
 No, no, no, wait. I’m not done. Allow me to underscore my sentiment with a haunting rendition of Brenda Lee’s I’m Sorry played on the pan flute.
 All right, that’s eight hours of practice down the drain. And to memorialise this occasion, here are your commemorative T-shirts.
 All you did was offer maternal care and affection, and all you received in return was rude and insensitive behavior.
 I’m afraid it can’t. The trip is tomorrow. And I have more apologies to make.
 Wonderful. would you mind holding up this shirt while I take a quick…?
 You brought me my comic books when I wasn’t feeling well. That, that was thoughtful. And I was insensitive. I’m sorry.
 And I want you to know that I mean it, you know? This isn’t me just wanting to go on the trip to Las Vegas.
 The one everyone’s taking this weekend on the party bus.
 That would be my understanding. On a less painful subject, what size T-shirt do you take?
 Raj, you were being a good friend, and my illness was no excuse for my behaviour. I hope that you can accept my apology.
 And, Emily, I’m sorry for saying dermatologists aren’t real doctors. And I’m sure you’re tired of hearing that.
 Well, I would imagine when your job is popping zits and squirting Botox into old lady faces…
 I believe I can answer that. Uh, like me, Raj is demonstrating empathy. Now, why don’t you accept my apology receive your free T-shirt, uh, I hope extra small is okay. For some reason Wolowitz took a medium.
 Point of clarification, are you still going on the trip? Because if not…
 I caused that fight, I feel terrible. Wait, I can do that better. I caused that fight. I feel terrible. Yeah, wow, I don’t know which one I like more.
 No. As a fight, it was excellent. She used harsh language and slammed the door. Although as I say this, that might not have been what you were asking.
 All I know is after the fight I went to Emily’s to smooth…
 Look at him, caring about what’s wrong with me. That is some top-shelf empathy. Hey, well, we should start a club.
 That is true. Well, I suppose I should apologize again.
 Well, that is fine, because I’ve decided that I won’t be joining you. I’ve realized that the most genuine way to demonstrate the remorse I feel is to let you have this weekend to yourselves.
 Well, I’ve been on a little trip myself recently. Not to Sin City but to Sincere City. Where instead of genital warts, the only growth you’ll come back with is personal growth.
 Aha.
 My plan was to jump out at the state line, but one of my nose plugs fell into the toilet.
 Before you do, please give me one more chance to apologize to Emily.
 Emily, as I’m sure you know, I’m considered an odd fellow. But what you don’t know is that, while I often say the wrong thing, in my heart I mean well. I think that you are a smart and wonderful woman, you know? And we all think that you can do better than Koothrappali.
 So, for all the times I’ve offended you and all the times that I’ll offend you in the future, I’m sorry.
 Good. Then I’ll be leaving now.
 Oh, that’s very kind of you. But I’m sure you’ll all have a better time without me. Let’s go, Stuart.
 Stuart, now.
 That’s me. Bye, Stuart.
 Are you relieved that you and Raj were able to patch things up?
 Here’s a fun Postal fact. The inner side of our mailbox is under federal jurisdiction. So, if you broke my right thumb, that’s Pasadena city police. But if you broke my left thumb, that’s the FBI.
 Oh, I got a letter from my Meemaw. Umm. Smell this.
 Uh, roses, bengay, and Dr. Scholls’ foot powder.
 Uh, thank you. Oh, Meemaw got a new set of teeth. Oh, but then she found her old ones. Oh, so now the new ones are just gonna be her church teeth.
 Oh, my goodness, she’s coming to visit!
 Oh, you are going to love her. She is the kindest, sweetest woman you’ll ever meet. Unless you’re a gopher digging up her vegetable garden. In that case, you can expect to have your head bashed in with a shovel.
 That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her.
 And that’s not helpful. You know, I got her an iPhone for Christmas. I’ll see where she is.
 Oh, no, she doesn’t even know she has it. No, I had my sister slip it in her bag so that I can track her like a sea turtle.
 Uh, for the hundredth time, I smelled kettle corn and couldn’t find the cart.
 Meemaw. I’m so happy to see you.
 Oh. You got even smaller. I love it. Uh, Meemaw, this is Leonard. Leonard, this is my Meemaw.
 No. Oh, no. Now you call her Constance. I call her Meemaw. You have your own Meemaw. It’s not my fault she died when you were four.
 It isn’t, Meemaw. Sorry, Leonard.
 Are you comfortable?
 You were so cute, huffin’ and puffin’. There’s Amy. I just know you’re gonna hit it off. You both have the same fashion sense. Hello. Come in, say hi to my Meemaw.
 Yeah. And you never will. Ooh, hey, oh, ask her to do the tissue thing. Do it, ask her.
 Isn’t that the best? She’s like Grandma Spider-Man.
 Oh, well, you two sit down and get to know each other. I’ll get your room ready.
 If I did, would I find any?
 That’s a risk I’m willing to take.
 A Texas Special cattle and calf car train set with authentic horn and bell. Thank you, Meemaw.
 Amy, why don’t you look excited? Well, you get to watch me play with this.
 Here you go, Meemaw. I made it just how you like, a lot in a glass.
 And I call her Meemaw because, well, just, well, look at her.
 How could it? I never told you, and you never bothered to ask.
 Yeah.
 Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You have to like each other. Well, we have a 4
 But why? Other than you two fighting, we’re having such a good time.
 Yes.
 My mother gave it to me, and I had been thinking about giving it to you, but then we broke up.
 Oh, I don’t think I could do that.
 I’m gonna opt out of that one, too.
 All right, all right, look, l, let’s all, let’s remain calm and analyse this situation. Now, I realize that you’ve only known each other for less than a day, but is it possible this crankiness is because your cycles have synced?
 Thank you. I’m gonna go next door and play with Leonard.
 Leonard and Penny. Leonard and Penny. Leonard and Penny.
 No. They asked me to leave so they could speak privately.
 Yeah, I know. It was quite tense. So here’s the million dollar question, uh, who wants to pop over there and get my trains?
 No, I wouldn’t.
 Hello.
 Meemaw, look, I’m sorry, but I have to defend my girlfriend to you.
 Oh, great, now you’re gonna get emotional. I always looked up to you and Pop-Pop. I, I know what a challenging man he could be, but I saw you stand by him and-and make him into a better person.
 Yeah, well, that is exactly what I’ve been doing the last five years with this little work in progress.
 Well…
 Yes.
 Thank you.
 I just gave you my virginity, woman. Cool your jets.
 Gentlemen.
 If any of you are looking for something to do on Valentine’s Day, Amy and I’ll be streaming our first-ever live episode of Fun With Flags. You’re welcome to join us as we celebrate the timeless love affair between wind and flapping fabric.
 Not a clue. Raj?
 You know, uh, once I ordered an Uber by accident. I just got in and went somewhere.
 I’m nervous. I hope people will be around to watch even though it’s Valentine’s Day.
 Oh, and speaking of Valentine’s Day, I haven’t forgotten about you tonight.
 Well, you’ve become such an integral part of my life as well as this show, I felt it only right to include your name in the title.
 So from now on, this program will be officially known as Dr. Sheldon Cooper and Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler present Dr. Sheldon’ Cooper’s Fun With Flags.
 Uh, hello and welcome to a special live edition of Dr. Sheldon Cooper…
 Dr. Sheldon Cooper’s Fun With Flags.
 It’s also my gift to you. That was clear, right? ‘Cause you’re not getting anything else.
 Allow us to answer a few quick ones that we get all the time. Uh, uh, yes, I really am a doctor. Uh, yes, she really is my girlfriend.
 You know what, that’s not a flag question. Next caller.
 Yeah, you know what’s not normal? Blubbering about emotions during a flag show. Unless that emotion is excitement over New Zealand changing their flag. Yeah, good luck, you crazy Kiwis, we’re rooting for you.
 I suppose that could be a legitimate concern in a relationship. Uh, perhaps even a, a red flag. And speaking of red flags, check out this sexy number from the former Soviet Union. Hubba, hubba.
 Please, all comments and questions should be flag-related.
 I don’t see why not.
 Speaking of ending relationships, when British Honduras became Belize, they designed a new flag with a tree on it, and I would like to hang myself from that tree.
 And actually, it was three different men.
 Well, you know, here is something that might cheer you up. The flag of the Isle of Man is nothing but three legs sharing a weird pair of underpants, so you think you got problems.
 All right. Nothing about this is fun. No one wants to talk about flags, and I haven’t spoken in over ten minutes, so, enjoy your new show, Internet. Dr. Amy Farrah Flower present with.
 Fine. If you insist on making me a part of this, yes, I knowledge how painful they can be. However, pain has an evolutionary purpose. It provides information from the environment that, uh, behaviour isn’t good for us.
 Raj, now, I’m sorry you’re suffering. When Amy and I were broken up, I also suffered. And this may sound surprising, but I’m grateful for having gone through it.
 Yes. I believe our relationship now is stronger than ever.
 When, when we were apart, I learned how important you are to me. And I realize that when two people are in love, sometimes they…
 I stand corrected. Fun.
 Congratulations on a successful live show.
 Did you know the singular of confetti is confetto?
 I’m glad you asked. Amy, you have a confetto in your nose. No, no, no, no. Other side. There you go.
 Oh, I heard about that. Why didn’t you discover it?
 Well, you be sure to let us know when you win the Nobel Prize for boysenberry.
 Hello.
 Oh, no.
 Because this changes everything. What about comic book night? Uh, what about playing games together? What about our trips to Disneyland? How can we do those things with a child around?
 Oh, dear lord, Penny’s pregnant, too?
 Oh, really? Okay, well, would a baby have to shave once every 11 days?
 I guess we’ll call this a draw.
 Not to mention the impact on our social circle. Everything’s going to change. Howard won’t be able to come over as much.
 Oh, but then we’d have to baby-proof the apartment. You know, my sister has one of those toilet locks in her bathroom. I have two doctorates, I still had to go in the sink.
 All get vasectomies so this doesn’t happen to us?
 Cheers.
 And can keep a small portion of their heads dry.
 Forget helium. The real superfluid is the fruit punch in this mug. Reminds me of my daddy’s secret don’t tell mama juice.
 Oh. I’ll just take one last sip. Ah.
 This place is terrific. Why. why have we never been here before?
 That’s some smart talk from a guy who can’t even keep his face in focus. Where’s the bathroom?
 Excuse me. Hey, how you doin’?
 You guys, the bathroom here is amazing. There’s people cooking in it.
 Oh, wait, I found something.
 This video. The baby panda sneezes, and the mama panda gets so scared.
 All right. Look, now, this may be the rum talking, but as long as the unpinning rate of the vortices is kept within 1.1 and 1.3, the Magnus force issue should be negligible.
 And stronger. Who wants to see me beat up the bartender?
 Nah, she’s a good kid.
 Of course he’s right. You and I both know how hard it is growing up without a father. That’s why I’m confident you’re gonna be the best dad you can be.
 You’re welcome. And if he has twins, we can do all kinds of neat experiments on them.
 Wonderful. I’m being musically encouraged to bust a move. If I knew what that meant, I might just do it.
 A microphone, a room full of inaccurate depictions of Polynesian religion, and a captive audience to hear about it? You bet I am.
 Land where my fathers died, land of the pilgrims’ pride, from every mountainside let freedom ring.
 You’re kidding. What kind of maniacs have coitus in someone else’s bedroom?
 Will you guys keep it down?
 What is it?
 Oh, I suppose that’s a discussion we could have.
 Surprise.
 Just one example of how birthdays can be terrible. Now, can we please drop this subject and pick a new one? I suggest how thick can a soup get before it becomes a stew? You know, the answer, it may surprise you.
 Please, look at this porcelain skin. I’m like a human sink.
 Fine. As you know, I have a twin sister with whom I obviously share a birthday. Every year we’d have a party. No one I invited would ever come, because they didn’t like me.
 Oh, that part wasn’t so bad. I didn’t like them, either. But then I’d inevitably spend the whole day being tortured by my sister’s friends.
 When I was six, they told me Batman was coming to my party. I waited by the door for hours. Closest thing to Batman I saw was when a robin flew into the window.
 I do, but why do you care if I celebrate my birthday at all?
 Very well. You may celebrate my life by throwing a party with cake, presents and a shower of admiration and love. But then you owe me big-time.
 Uh, Mylar balloons, yes. Latex balloons, no. Water balloons, I will jump off the roof and aim for your car.
 I enjoy marching bands and Tibetan throat singing.
 Well, my favourite is chocolate with strawberry frosting, three layers, and if there’s writing on it, make sure it’s not all caps. I don’t need my dessert yelling at me.
 Is there a reason I had to leave my own apartment?
 But who’s gonna tell them they’re doing it wrong?
 Oh. Thank you.
 But this is my birthday suit. Are you having a stroke? Because that’s the kind of thing that just ruins a birthday party.
 I am. Oh. Wait.
 No, I just, I got a little light-headed.
 No. No, if I can walk past that pet shop with the parrot in the window, I suppose I can do this.
 Uh, um, uh, thank you all so much for coming. Beverly. Wil Wheaton. Adam West, for some reason.
 Thank you. This is all so thoughtful. Excuse me.
 How do you know I’m not using the facilities?
 I don’t know. I looked around the room, and I saw all the faces and the presents, and it, it was just too much.
 I know that you worked hard to put this together. I’m sorry I’m ruining it.
 I don’t think I can go back out there.
 Based on this pep talk, I’d say you’re still doing it.
 Well, everyone will think I’m weird.
 Hello, everyone. I, I’d like to apologize for my behaviour. I hope it hasn’t put a damper on the party. So, please, enjoy yourselves. Oh, this is quickly getting out of hand.
 Aw, Amy, that was lovely. You know, this is fun. Let’s do more. Someone else say something wonderful about me.
 Wolowitz, perfect. Everyone listen to Wolowitz.
 Little generic. Keep thinking. We’ll circle back. Wil Wheaton, go.
 That’s how you do it, Wolowitz. Now you see why he’s famous and you’re not.
 And it was Sheldon Cooper who said let’s speed this up. A lot of people want to talk.
 Oh. Oh, now, you know I hate change. Say it.
 Thank you, Bernadette. That was perfect.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. That, that was wonderful.
 Professor Hawking.
 Thank you so much. I can’t believe you’re…
 Oh, you’re singing. Well, I’m sorry.
 You know, I used to hate these hugs. Now they’re just extremely irritating.
 I’ve never applied for a patent before. I wanted to make a good impression.
 Yeah, well, you’re an engineer. End of joke, burn.
 That’s great.
 Get a load of this guy.
 That’s outrageous. This is our idea based on our research. How can you possibly justify owning a majority share?
 I know when I’m beat.
 Well, that’s not fair. We should all get plaques.
 Couple of questions about the plaque.
 Great, so they own my idea for a T-shirt that says Dumb as a Bag of Geologists.
 To be clear, Leonard is referring to the gyroscope, not the T-shirt and mugs. Oh, now they own the mugs.
 I’m fine with that.
 It sounds like a, uh, contract might be in order.
 But which one of us should be the party who…
 So stipulated.
 I’ll say it looks good. It’s in my proprietary font, Shelvetica.
 You bet I did.
 Excuse me. I’ve been drafting contracts since kindergarten. Didn’t need a lawyer to get me out of finger painting. Don’t need one now.
 Hey, Leonard.
 If she doesn’t think that we should apply for this patent, she’s being patently absurd.
 Okay, you got it. See, I was afraid it was a thinker.
 I wonder what they’re talking about.
 Hello.
 Are you suggesting a limited liability corporation? ‘Cause I did not L-L-see that coming.
 Well, I believe I’m treating you generously. That’s why I’ve stipulated in the contract that your contributions to our invention are as valuable as my own.
 No, I am not saying that, because I kept saying that this morning and Leonard said stop saying that.
 Oh, please. Any contract I sign is enforced by my own personal code of ethics.
 Yeah, that, too. And scoot over. Part of your shadow’s on my spot.
 I’ll add it right now. Oh, baby, it’s addendum time.
 The, the revisions I made start on page four.
 Do you still like cilantro?
 You’re tying my hands here.
 Oh, I’ve always valued education over money. And the very fact that you needed a written guarantee of respect made me realize how dismissive I’ve been of your contributions.
 And I just hope that this scholarship can rescue your child from the subpar education and menial life of an engineer.
 What? I didn’t sign it yet.
 Uh, can you repeat that? You’re breaking up.
 Ah. Yeah, I had to get a little creative because the S, R and M keys on my laptop stopped working.
 So, is that a yes?
 Oh, but I like this computer.
 I’m sorry, I didn’t get that.
 The sound is cutting out. I can’t read that. The video is failing.
 What?
 What? Hello?
 You’re too late.
 You got emotional when that lab monkey died.
 Great. Now I’m gonna have that song in my head all day.
 How could you do that?
 Choosing a new laptop Is an incredibly personal ritual. You have taken away weeks of agonizing thought, tedious research, sleepless nights filled with indecision. I, haven’t I lost enough today?
 Oh, oh, the guy. Oh, pardon me. I didn’t realize you’d spoken to the guy. Yeah, tell me, did the guy choose one with a 4K display and a Thunderbolt port?
 Yeah? Did the guy make sure that this has a one terabyte solid-state drive?
 Yeah? Oh, well, was this guy Rick from Computer Solutions on Colorado?
 Yeah, well, he does know his stuff.
 I suppose I should set this up. Or would you like to rob me of that, too?
 You wouldn’t.
 Fine. I’m sorry. Thank you for the thoughtful gift. I really do appreciate it. As you know, I had become attached to my old laptop. But I’m sure, in time, that this one will… Jeepers creepers, that started up fast.
 Look at the 4K resolution. Next time we Skype, I’m gonna count all those nostril hairs.
 But you only have two eyes. You got a lot of nostril hairs.
 Oh. I am.
 Oh. Uh, no, no, no, thank you.
 Well, no, I just, I, I don’t want to recycle it. And I don’t want store credit.
 Can we please change the subject?
 I’m not being weird. I, it’s hard to explain.
 It might be easier to show you.
 We’d have to take your car.
 And I’m gonna need you to sign a non-disclosure agreement.
 Sorry, you’re on a need-to-know basis.
 Right.
 No, I meant turn right, and you missed it. Maybe you do need to know.
 Just wait.
 Just wait.
 Just wait. You know what? Actually, yes, thank you. Welcome to my Fortress of Shame.
 It’s basically everything I’ve ever owned. Um, every book, every tee shirt, every piece of broken electronics. Just all of it.
 I have a Ziploc bag filled with all my old Ziploc bags.
 In here is every clock radio I’ve ever owned. Calculators, VHS tapes. Yeah. Oh. Sporting equipment.
 Well, oh, it’s just a, it’s a, a golf ball that my brother threw at my head. You can still feel the dent. It’s right next to the hockey puck dent.
 I used to collect them as a child. The spiral of scales open in the Fibonacci sequence. A fact that, when you tell your brother, gets a golf ball thrown at your head.
 I’d like to say it’s nostalgia, but every time I think of throwing anything away, my ears start to ring, and I get butterflies in my stomach. And then it feels like the butterflies get eaten by rats, and then the, the rats get eaten by…
 It ends with dinosaurs. I’m sorry if you think less of me.
 Really? ‘Cause every time I come in here, I think less of me.
 Because I’m a fraud. No. I purport to be a man of the mind. I’ve been such a, a vocal champion of the singularity, but how can I leave my body behind and become one with the internet when I’ve never even thrown a toothbrush away?
 Like what?
 I have an old teddy bear I secretly wiped my nose on for years.
 Only you.
 What good is having a girlfriend if you can’t unload your psychological sewage on her?
 Thank you. I wouldn’t even know how to begin.
 I suppose I could try getting rid of the golf ball.
 I will always have the dent to remember it by.
 Actually, yes. I do.
 Thanks.
 I’m glad I told you about the storage unit.
 Oh, I feel closer to you, too. You know, it’s still a couple of hours until my bedtime.
 You look amazing. I mean, this resolution is remarkable.
 Yes, but it’s like you’re right here in the room.
 But I feel like I could reach out and touch you.
 I know.
 It’s nice to get back to nature. Why don’t I do this more often? What a beautiful forest. Hello, little butterfly. What’s your Na-oh!
 I was enjoying some virtual reality, until you ruined it with your actual face.
 Oh, it’s car air freshener. I was simulating the smell of the forest.
 Well, how would I know?
 Hmm? Oh. Amy showed me a compelling study that demonstrated the cognitive benefit of spending time in the wilderness.
 Well, make your jokes, but some of the participants who spent four days in the woods away from all technology reported a fifty percent gain in reasoning skills upon their return.
 You may need this more than I do.
 Oh. Do not sneak up on a guy when he’s sitting on a log.
 Look, I’m sorry, when did you even get here? I…
 Excuse me. Here, look up fun, get back to me.
 I hardly think so. You be sure and say hello to all the mosquitoes, bees, bears, snakes, possums, poison oak, oh, and last, but not least, teenagers with guitars.
 Are you trying to manipulate me?
 Well done, it worked, we’re going.
 I’m ready to go.
 Thanks.
 Well, cell service is down to one bar, so if anyone needs medical attention or to tell a stranger their political views are stupid, now’s the time.
 Once. The battery ran out on my phone. I had to wait for my iPad to turn on.
 Okay. Well, shall we check each other for ticks?
 Oh. Well, suit yourself. Who wants to check me?
 Oh, not our hike, now we have to stay safe and warm.
 Eh, most of the Jenga pieces are missing and the Scrabble only has seven tiles, so unless you want to build an unimpressive structure with the word shnerpf next to it, move on.
 Ah, it’s basic thermodynamics. I’m sure we can figure that out.
 That would maximize oxygen for optimal combustion.
 Oh, well now, we’ll never win. You always play the drinking game.
 Hey, now, wait. Have we started? Do I drink? What is happening?
 So I drink.
 Got it.
 I can’t believe Penny hasn’t.
 Well, I’m not proud of it, but I jaywalked.
 No, I crossed in the middle of the street. And normally, I wouldn’t, but I saw an aggressive-looking Girl Scout, and it was the heart of cookie season. Anyway, there was a police officer, and he witnessed the whole thing.
 No, he didn’t do anything. So I said, you just saw me jaywalk, why aren’t you doing your job? You know? May, maybe I should arrest you for, for impersonating a police officer.
 Oh, and how.
 Amy.
 All right, my turn. Mm. Oh, I know. Never have I ever kept a secret bank account, because I think my wife can’t handle money. Did I win? I feel like I won.
 I’m calling it. I won.
 Oh, never have I ever drunk milk past its expiration date.
 Oh, uh, never have I ever put my foot in the ocean.
 Oh, uh, never have I ever thrown, caught or touched a Frisbee.
 Oh. Never have I ever pushed all the buttons in an elevator.
 I have a question about Batman. Batman is a man who dresses up like a bat. Man-bat is a part man, part bat hybrid. Now, if Man-Bat dressed up as a man to fight crime, would he be Man-Batman?
 Well, isn’t Man-Man just Man?
 Oh, I haven’t asked it yet.
 What, why did you get a party sub?
 Well, we’re only watching Game of Thrones. A party sub implies it’s a party.
 I like a party as much as the next man, as long as the next man doesn’t like a party. Oh, by the way, don’t forget, tomorrow is our quarterly roommate agreement meeting.
 Hmm? Well, it sounds like the kind of thing one would bring up at a quarterly roommate agreement meeting. Lucky for you it’s tomorrow.
 Well, you have to go. It’s Penny’s first time leading the Pledge of Allegiance.
 You realize one of them has sugar on the raisins.
 And yet you get to weigh in. Democracy, it’s pretty cool, isn’t it?
 Well, we’ll just see about that.
 He says he’s not coming to the roommate agreement meeting tomorrow.
 Oh, fine. We don’t have to have a roommate agreement meeting if you don’t want to.
 Of course, it will require a vote. Unfortunately, my official gavel is in my bedroom, but luckily, I have my travel gavel.
 There’s a motion on the floor, I’m ridiculous. Do we have a second? Hmm? Hmm? There is no second. The motion is denied. Next time, make sure you have the votes first. That was embarrassing.
 Well, I should hope so. Tomorrow’s picture day.
 You keep talking like that, you’re gonna make colour guard.
 Are you up-to-date on Game of Thrones?
 Oh, I don’t know. Theon Greyjoy looks pretty good for a guy who had his genitals cut off.
 Tonight I’ll be watching a show rated M.A., and that stands for mature audiences, buster.
 All this could be avoided if you’d just come to the meeting.
 Oh, it’s just a meeting. One simple meeting.
 Meeting, meeting, bo-beeting, banana-fana, fo-feeting, fee-fi mo-meeting.
 Yeah, Amy, just one second. Meeting.
 Apparently, perfect attendance isn’t cool any more.
 Well, then you don’t understand what’s happening. See, Leonard refused to participate in a mandatory quarterly roommate agreement meeting. This is what a generation raised on Bart Simpson looks like.
 I love Lisa Simpson.
 Wait. You were pretending?
 No. I don’t believe you. I could tell.
 Hmm, what do you think?
 Gladly.
 It’s not always because they die. In one case, it’s because they’ve become involved with underground tree people from the dawn of time. Yeah, but I won’t say who it is. It’s Brann.
 She did.
 Well, I’ll catch you up. Uh, Penny is angry at Leonard, Leonard’s angry at me and Penny, I’m angry at Leonard and Amy, Raj is angry at Howard, and I’m angry at George R.R. Martin ’cause there are no new books for me to spoil for Leonard.
 Oh, perhaps it’s Amy coming to her senses.
 Interesting fact, in Italian, the morta in mortadella means death.
 I didn’t say fun fact. I’m not a monster.
 Now it’s a fun fact.
 Cersei uses her body to manipulate men. Penny just takes me to The LEGO Store.
 Fair enough.
 Well, the important thing is I said that big sandwich would ruin everything, and I was right.
 They don’t wear bicycle helmets in Game of Thrones. You’re thematically inaccurate, but I applaud your commitment to safety.
 Leonard. Leonard. Leonard.
 I never got to ask my question about Batman.
 If Batman were bitten by a radioactive Man-Bat, and then fought crime disguised as Man-Bat, would he be Man-Bat-Man-Bat-Man or simply Man-Bat-Man-Bat-Batman?
 I’ll be back.
 Personally, I find the notion of external rewards demeaning. I pursue science for the intrinsic joy of discovery.
 I also say don’t contradict me in front of my friends, but that you don’t remember.
 Wine again? Yeah, no, thank you. I like my grapes the old-fashioned way, in a juice box.
 I shouldn’t have to see my girlfriend get groped in public by another man.
 Well, Bernadette, looks like Saturday night, it’s you and me.
 Well, it makes perfect sense. Because you’re an expectant mother, you can’t drink alcohol. I don’t like to. You can’t have sushi. I don’t like to. You can’t go in hot tubs. I consider them vats of sweaty people soup.
 Oh, come on. Roller coasters, caffeine, runny eggs, I’ve been avoiding these things all my life. And now, because you’re pregnant, you have to.
 Well, little lady, you’ve heard of party hearty, get ready to party hardly.
 Oh, but I won’t be there.
 You know, it’s like how I play Warlords of Ka’a with you and Elder Sign with Frank and Alicia.
 You, you and I spend a lot of time together. Can there be a little mystery between us?
 I am going to record this for posterity.
 Here goes nothing? This is the initial test of our prototype. Can we give it a little more gravitas?
 Eh, maybe it’s your voice. I’m gonna see if I can get James Earl Jones to do it in post.
 Yes. And we’re going to prove that we don’t need alcohol to enjoy ourselves.
 Or caffeine, tobacco, sushi, soft cheese, processed meats and jacuzzis, which can all be harmful to an unborn baby.
 Oh, no bubble baths either. They can increase the risk of a urinary tract infection.
 Oh, and no swordfish, king mackerel, shark or tilefish, which are all high in mercury.
 Oh, and no contact with guinea pigs or hamsters or their droppings, uh, no-no cat litter boxes, no paint fumes.
 Boy, do I love restrictions.
 Oh, the bubbles tickle my nose. I’ll just open this now so it can get nice and flat before we drink it.
 Oh, I have quite the evening planned. Our foetus-friendly festival of fun begins with an in-depth look at the world of model trains, and then we’ll kick things up a notch and explore all the different ways that you can make toast.
 You’ve heard of French toast?
 Cinnamon toast?
 Melba toast?
 You get where I’m going here?
 H-O gauge trains are 1/87th scale. N gauge are 1/160th scale. And that brings us to Z gauge, at a, you could easily swallow it, don’t ask how I know, 1 to 220.
 When I was five, I ingested a Z gauge locomotive. I spent the next three days saying, I think I can pass it, I think I can pass it, I think I can pass it.
 What an interesting question. When I was a child, life was confusing and chaotic for me, and trains represented order. I could line them up, categorize them, control them. I guess you could say that they gave me a sense of calm in a world that didn’t.
 Well, other than when they’re chugging through your bowels, these things are magic.
 And last but not least, this is one that I like to call Star Wars Toast because it has a light side and a dark side. All righty, it’s time for Dungeons & Dragons.
 You’re gonna enjoy this. I designed it especially for you.
 Oh, I have a feeling that once you start, you’re not gonna want to or be allowed to stop.
 Ready?
 Your name is Bernatrix. You are a warrior queen. You’re strong, beautiful and tall.
 I think you’re gonna like a lot of things I have in store. For example, in this world, only the men get pregnant, so your husband is home trying not to pee when he laughs.
 You’re parched and weary from battle. You stand in front of a tavern that serves the coldest, most delicious ale in all the realm.
 What do you do?
 He wants to see I.D.
 The Hell Prawn lunges out of the hot spring. You block it with your shield. Do you attack?
 Three giant red ones and they never blink. It’s unsettling.
 Good choice. Critical hit. Your sword goes through its eye into its tiny brain. With its final dying gasp, it says, you have reduced me to a pile of sushi. Enjoy me with this packet of soy sauce. It’s low sodium. Aaaah.
 Using your sword, you prepare a beautiful sushi dinner. You slip into the hot spring and enjoy the warm water on your aching joints. As you happily close your eyes, you recall the incredible evening you’ve had and notice that your feet and ankles are smaller than they’ve ever been. The end.
 Oh, the fun doesn’t stop. You’re still going home with a goodie bag full of toast.
 I can understand that. From the moment people realized I was a genius, I’ve been Sheldon the Genius. Although I’ve never really wanted a break from that, so I suppose I don’t understand. Which is ironic ’cause, you know, genius.
 You’re welcome. And any time you need a break from being Bernadette the Pregnant, Bernatrix the Warrior Queen is here waiting.
 Well, mind you now, that offer’s only good until the third trimester. I can’t risk getting amniotic fluid on my spot.
 Morning.
 Oh, I overdid it myself last night. Hair of the dog.
 Of course.
 No, it did at first, but then I talked it through with Frank and Alicia, and they really helped put things into perspective.
 Leonard, friends are like toilet paper. It’s good to have extras under the sink.
 Yes.
 Taylor Swift.
 Yes. Kardashian.
 Khloe?
 See, I remembered because if it looks like Kim it’s Kim, if it looks kind of like Kim it’s Kourtney, and if it looks nothing like Kim it’s Khloe.
 Oh, well, we decided to use our breakfast time to expand our respective knowledge bases.
 I’m sorry, who is Mike Drop?
 Why don’t you want to get your mother from the airport?
 She can cover it in a car ride? I could do 40 minutes on your posture alone.
 All right, back to learning.
 Oh, easy, Bill Nye the Science Guy.
 Creepy old dude from Dancing with the Stars.
 Oh, well, I have a few questions for him about the last Avengers movie, and a whole lot of answers.
 Oh, bad news. Amy’s making me go shopping with her later, so looks like none of us can go.
 You’re really going without me?
 You don’t have the authority to save places in the line. If I do that, I’ll be cutting.
 You know the golden rule of line etiquette. No cuts, no buts, no coconuts.
 Remember when we camped out for the Doctor Who panel at Comic-Con?
 Stuart, what are you doing here?
 I don’t understand. You were happy to do this when I hired you. Why, why are you upset with me now?
 Well, I suppose turnabout is fair play.
 Hey. Is everything smoothed out with Amy?
 Did you make the apology as sincere as I would have?
 Oh, well, that’s laying it on a little thick.
 I suppose so. But if I get out of the line, I’ll lose my spot.
 You would do that?
 You’re a good man.
 Amy. Amy. Amy.
 Hello, everyone. Oh, Beverly, good to see you. I’d love to chat, but there’s a line that could start moving any minute, so let’s do this. Amy? A proper apology requires three steps. Step one, an admission of wrongdoing. Amy, I was wrong. Step two, a promise never to repeat said action. Amy, that action will never be repeated, and that’s a promise. Step three, an earnest request for forgiveness. Amy, I hope you can forgive me. And I hope you do it right now, ’cause there’s an Uber waiting downstairs, and I don’t want to repeat this apology nonsense with my driver Ganesh.
 Oh, thanks, you’re a peach. Beverly, we’ll catch up soon. Bernadette, it was a pleasure as always, Penny, you have spinach in your teeth.
 I’m back.
 It went well. Yeah, I’ve learned that if you never say you’re sorry, the times you do really puts them on their heels. Uh, Stuart, I relieve you of your line duties.
 Did you see that? He just cut the line.
 No, it’s not fine. It is a breach of line etiquette.
 What if every person in front of us let someone cut?
 What if each of those people let someone cut?
 But then each of those people let someone cut?
 Excuse me.
 Uh, uh, I couldn’t help but notice that you cut the line.
 Well, no. It’s not cool. If there were reserved seating, and we all had tickets, that would be fine. But this line is first-come, first-served. Not show up tardy and nevertheless be first served. Right here.
 You need to go to the back of the line.
 Mrs. Wunch in fourth grade. And my slogan was a line that’s straight is a line that’s great.
 What about Joss Whedon’s work makes you think he’d be okay with rule-breakers and line-cutters?
 They work for SHIELD, which is a sanctioned department of the U.S. Government. Do you work for a sanctioned department of the U.S. Government?
 Excuse me, excuse me, can I please see a show of hands? Who here takes issue with this person cutting the line?
 Well, what a sad state of affairs. That you’ve all been so ground down by life, you don’t even notice when someone disrespects you.
 You know, right now, at the back of this line, there’s a movie fan like you who’s not going to get in, because this person simply doesn’t care. Yeah, well, 61 years ago, there was another person at the back of the line and her name was Rosa Parks.
 Now, let’s follow in that brave woman’s footsteps, and stand up for ourselves. And, and I realize that she stood up by remaining seated, but now is not the time to enjoy the irony of that. Now, I ask you again. Who here takes issue with this person…
 I most certainly did not.
 Excuse me, I paid someone to wait in line for me, and then when I arrived, he left, so what you saw, my good woman, was swapsies, not cutsies. Oh, no, no, no, no, wait, I ask you all again, a show of hands. Who here takes issue… well, stop moving. he’s gonna get in.
 No, I can’t. This isn’t right.
 No, I could’ve done more.
 Hey, good news, I just got off the phone with my mother. She is coming to the wedding.
 Yes, I’m inviting people to our wedding. Yeah, I’ve already asked Stephen Hawking and Robert Downey Jr, and, now don’t get your hopes up, ’cause he’s pretty busy, but Erno Rubik.
 Seriously? He invented the Rubik’s Cube.
 Because, despite his fame and fortune, he strikes me as a lonely man.
 Oh, you’re welcome.
 You know, that doesn’t work for me, let’s stay with Mrs. Cooper.
 Wu-wu, what? That’s what I called you till I got to know you better.
 Well, actually, I…
 Excuse me, I take care of him.
 Yeah, and Leonard’s mother’s already here.
 Mother, she’s an atheist, not a vampire.
 I don’t know what we were worried about, they’re getting along great.
 Isn’t this nice?
 Dr. Hofstadter.
 All right, now I’m starting to sense a little tension.
 Mom.
 It only got three-and-a-half stars on Yelp.
 I’m not sorry. That’s true.
 Don’t laugh, she wasn’t joking.
 Yeah, I do. They’re filling up on bread and ruining their meal.
 If I’d known you were broke, I wouldn’t have made a big deal about the bread.
 That’s funny, because my father was not a very clever man.
 See, that’s funny because…
 I think it’s pretty obvious. They don’t want dessert ’cause they filled up on bread.
 She’s still not answering.
 I don’t like this at all.

