 Excuse me. Is it at all possible that you’re knitting a pair of pants? Oh, well, no, you’re understandably terrified. But, you know, allow me to explain. 45 days ago, um, I embarked on a railroad journey of healing because my university was making me do string theory, and my favorite comic book store burned down, and when my room mate got engaged, my girlfriend wanted to move in with me, which was no doubt a ploy just to see my, well, excuse my language, but my bathing suit parts. Uh, sir, may I use your phone?
 Yeah, well, I understand that I’m half naked, but there is a reasonable explanation. While I slept in my sleeper car, all my possessions were stolen. Now, typically, I wear pyjamas, but I recently adopted a hobo lifestyle and pyjamas are the sleep-pants of the Man. I’ll have you know, Mahatma Gandhi wore no pants and a nation rallied behind him. My good man, now, before you walk away, I know that I may appear deranged, but I am, in fact, a world-renowned physicist. Ask me the difference between a boson and a fermion. Go ahead, ask. Bosons have integer spin, fermions have half-integer spin. My legs are getting cold. Why won’t anybody help me?
 Hello, Leonard.
 Uh, I’m in Kingman, Arizona, and, uh, I need you to come pick me up.
 Leonard, I’m at the police station. I was robbed. They took my phone, my wallet, my iPad, everything.
 No, I’m not okay. Uh, I’m wearing borrowed pants, I don’t have I.D., and one of the officers here won’t stop calling me chicken legs.
 2530 East Andy Devine Avenue,
 Hurry.
 Oh, yes, please. A pair of pants. And my toothbrush. Yeah, and my mail. And a really good comeback for chicken legs, because “I know you are, but what am I?” was met with stony silence.
 Excuse me, Officer Hernandez? Any leads on the person who stole my belongings?
 Well, perhaps I can help. Sherlock Holmes always says when you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. Now, have, have you tried doing that?
 Well, maybe you should. There’s lots of books called Sherlock Holmes, and there’s no books called Officer Hernandez.
 Any word on my stolen items?
 You know, Sherlock Holmes liked to use cocaine to sharpen his focus. But I’m sure those Cool Ranch Doritos are doing the trick.
 Leonard. Oh, I’m so happy to see you.
 Oh, I’m fine. Why did you come?
 I do, but, I feel uncomfortable saying it out loud in front of these police officers.
 Shotgun.
 Where didn’t I go? I went to New York, Chicago, Atlanta, Denver, Seattle.
 Oh, I have no idea. I never left the train station.
 Why would I? That’s where all the cool trains are.
 Or had a single piece of fruit.
 At the hot dog stand in the Denver train station, Heinz ketchup. At the hot dog stand in the Salt Lake City train station, Heinz ketchup. At the hot dog stand in the Indianapolis train station?
 Wrong. Hunt’s. Hey, Amy, what do you say? You ready to move on to the mustard round?
 I just thought you were bad at the game.
 Amy, may I please have a moment of privacy to speak with my roommate?
 Well, I was thinking put your head out the window like a dog, but that’ll work. Please? This’ll be quick. Leonard? As soon as we get home, I want to have coitus with Amy. Okay, she can’t hear. The reason I called you is because I didn’t want Amy to know I couldn’t make it on my own.
 Oh, of course it’s no big deal to you. You idolize me, and nothing could ever knock me off that pedestal you put me on.
 I called Leonard because I failed. And I didn’t want you to think less of me.
 Yes.
 Can I have one more moment with Leonard?
 Amy just hurt my feelings. I want to break up with her.
 I wish I’d never gone on that trip. I feel no better now than when I left.
 That I couldn’t do it?
 That’s a good point. You know, I’m a lot like Gandalf the Grey. He fought the Balrog and emerged stronger than ever as Gandalf the White. I was robbed of my phone and pants, and I, too, came back stronger. And whiter, too, ’cause I wasn’t in direct sunlight for six weeks.
 Indeed. I was the world’s smartest caterpillar. And then after pupating in our nation’s railway system, I’ve burst forth as the world’s smartest butterfly.
 Yeah, I feel renewed. I’m ready to deal with any changes that come my way.
 Your hair is different. You changed your hair. I can’t take this. I’m out.
 Would you like to see pictures from my trip?
 Yeah, it did, but luckily all my photos got backed up to the Cloud.
 Here, day one, uh, this was the seat I was going to sit in but didn’t because there were cracker crumbs on it. As it was first class, I suspect Ritz. This is the train bathroom. This is the Imodium I took so I would never have to use the train bathroom.
 I know. You know, I almost died in a fire in Des Moines, but I stayed put. FYI, that’s when the Imodium gave out.
 I recently read that during World War Two, Joseph Stalin had a research program to create supersoldiers by having women impregnated by gorillas.
 Yeah, the correct animal for interspecies supersolider is koala. You would wind up with an army so cute it couldn’t be attacked.
 The answer is cuddly soldiers with big flat noses. Moving on.
 I’m sensing awkwardness, am I right?
 Swish.
 It was like the rest of the class wanted Ms. McDonald to forget the quiz.
 (Knock, knock, knock) Mrs. Davis. (Knock, knock, knock) Guess who?
 (Knock, knock, knock) That’s right, good job. Hello. Uh, you wanted to see me?
 Thank you. I assume you’d like to reopen our dialogue about the university forcing me to continue with string theory?
 That’s the one. I believe you went last, so, uh, please?
 Wow. Pouting and running away actually worked. I must say, that may not be a lesson you want to reinforce with me. So, um, what is the solution?
 But if I’m a professor, then I’ll have to teach a class.
 So your solution is to promote me and pay me more money so that I can impart my knowledge to the next generation of scientists?
 You people are sick.
 Awful. They’re allowing me to move on from string theory, but they made me a junior professor and are requiring me to teach a class.
 What a stupid question.
 I can’t believe I have to waste my time babysitting a bunch of grad students who probably think dark matter is what’s in their diapers.
 Wrong, Just because I enjoyed that one doesn’t mean I always do.
 A valid point, but unoriginal. B-minus.
 Yeah, well, of course I do. Listen to it. It’s like an earful of melted caramel.
 It is true that many of my heroes have taken students under their wings. Feynman, Einstein, Professor X. Humorously, in the case of Professor X, some of his students actually had wings. That’s rich. I’ll use that one to lighten the mood after my entire class fails the midterm.
 There is no class.
 No one signed up.
 I called the department secretary to see what happened. Apparently, I have a reputation for being obnoxious.
 No, it’s fine. Now I can devote all my time to dark matter.
 Oh, yes. Fig Newtons. I was going to ask them which scientist both helped to develop calculus and had a famous cookie named after him? And then after someone said Newton, I was going to tell them they’re wrong. The cookies are named after a town in Massachusetts. And then I’d throw the cookies away.
 Why would you do that?
 Oh, Howard. I appreciate the gesture, but this is a graduate-level physics class. I don’t think you’d understand a single thing I was talking about.
 No.
 How would you determine the ground state of a quantum system with no exact solution?
 Hmm. Do you know how to integrate X squared times E to the minus X, without looking it up?
 Okay. Um, what is the correct interpretation of quantum mechanics?
 No.
 You take that back.
 I am trying to prepare my lesson plan for Howard. Why are you telling me this?
 Amy, please. I am trying to figure out a way to intellectually emasculate a dear friend of mine.
 Not now.
 Oh, I’m working on my lesson plan for Wolowitz. He is going to be so lost. Look at this section over here. Even I don’t really understand it.
 I’m a teacher, Leonard. It’s my job.
 Oh, it’s no trouble, it’s actually a pleasure.
 Interesting point. You’re suggesting that I have emotional issues below my consciousness which drive my behaviour, thus causing me to lash out at anything or anyone that threatens my intellectual superiority.
 Leonard?
 Howard’s allergic to peanuts. How can I use that against him?
 Okay, now that everyone’s here, we can begin.
 I suppose that’s a fair request. There’s no reason we both can’t benefit from this experience.
 Okay. Well, then, uh, first things first. Um, are you familiar with the Brachistochrone problem?
 Good. And how it relates to the calculus of variations?
 Wonderful. Now, what about Euler-Lagrange theorems?
 Ha! I knew it. All right. We have a lot of information to cover before your first test. Which, by the way, is in eight minutes. The good news is I’m grading on a curve, so you’re pretty much guaranteed a C.
 What are you doing?
 What are you doing?
 Will you stop it. This is a classroom. This is not American Bandstand.
 Now, where was I? Let’s see. Oh, yes. Over here. You… What are you doing now?
 Why?
 You’re not going to do that, and I’ll tell you why. This is an institution of higher learning, I am your professor, and you’re going to treat me with the prop… You shot your spit in my mouth!
 Can’t talk. Spitball. Probably gonna die.
 Well?
 Are you sure? It just doesn’t feel as innocent as it used to.
 You violated the sanctity of my mouth.
 I told you you weren’t smart enough to take it.
 Yeah, try me.
 Young’s modulus.
 Laminate the core material.
 Thank goodness I got it. Now I can quit checking my stool.
 Oh! It’s not even Easter time. This is crazy.
 The Rhombicosidodecahedron. (Cheers)
 He’s right. And given that you’re probably still waiting to be picked for a game that was played in fifth grade, I’m sure you do suck.
 Well, not just him. May I remind you that you’re talking to the seeker, beater, chaser and water boy of the third place Griffith Park Quidditch team.
 Did you enjoy my lecture?
 Well, if you’re going to serve Cornish game hen, you should either be familiar with the history of Cornwall or be prepared to learn it.
 Good, I had Cornish game hen.
 I missed a number of date nights while I was on my train trip, and I’m contractually obligated to make them up under the terms of the Relationship Agreement.
 If you’re free tomorrow night, I’d love to have you join us on a double date.
 Oh. Well, then come or don’t. I don’t care.
 At our committee meeting, Amy made a motion for a picnic in a park, but I tacked so many amendments on that thing it sank like a lead balloon.
 Yeah, which I was initially sceptical of until I saw online that they serve Yorkshire pudding.
 No, it’s yucky, but informing people about the history of Yorkshire is yummy, yum-yum.
 Ignore them, Amy. They’re just jealous because they’ll never have a relationship as good as ours.
 I wasn’t making a joke, I was merely stating fact. Amy and I have a superior relationship to yours.
 Leonard, I assumed you knew. The ranking of relationships in our circle by quality is me and Amy, Howard and Bernadette, Raj and his girlfriend, Penny and Chardonnay, Penny and you.
 For starters, we enjoy spending time together.
 It’s called parallel play.
 Not as well as we do.
 Oh, listen to them. Not even married and the honeymoon’s over.
 If you’ve got a problem basing a relationship on a contract, I’d like to tell you about 13 plucky colonies that entered a relationship agreement called the U.S. Constitution. And it may not be cool to say so, but I think that love affair is still pretty hot today.
 May I have one of your fries?
 Absolutely not.
 It has avocado on it. She’s allergic to avocado. Are you so jealous of our relationship you want Amy to die?
 Everything is quantifiable. That French fry? A seven. Spider-Man? A nine. The number nine? Oddly, only a four.
 No, I’m not. French fries have three variables, crispiness, saltiness and shape. Which is why a curly fry only gets a two. If I wanted curls for dinner, I’d order a clown wig.
 Not according to the work of Berscheid, Snyder and Omoto.
 Yeah, not to be confused with the French Fry Goodness Inventory. That’s pure Cooper.
 It’s been around for 25 years, and has been extensively corroborated by other researchers.
 Kind of? It does it perfectly.
 Why? We won. You know, I say, next, we take on Koothrappali and his dog. Really give ourselves a challenge.
 The answer is one simple test away. Hmm? You know, it’s like when I thought there was a possum in my closet. Did I sit around wondering? No, I sent Leonard in with a pointy stick and a bag.
 Or a one. A one is possible.
 We got an eight-point-two. Trust me, you’re happy.
 Whoa. Nobody said anything about watching the game.
 I expected to see Howard throw the baseball, finish my hot dog, and hightail it across the street to Disneyland just in time for Mickey’s Soundsational Parade.
 Who’s the bobblehead of?
 No, as long as it bobbles.
 Okay, new plan. We go to Disneyland, play hide and seek on Tom Sawyer’s Island, and then come back and see the end of the pitch.
 He makes a valid point.
 Oh, I think that sounds wonderful.
 Yes, but tell me a dinosaur chicken salad sandwich wouldn’t hit the Mesozoic spot.
 Hello.
 Speaking of which, according to a recent study out of Oxford University, when someone takes on a new romantic partner, that person loses one or two close friends.
 I go to the bathroom like everybody else.
 Hello.
 Oh, I like their emergency room. Yeah, even if it turns out you don’t have Dengue fever, they still let you take a lollipop.
 I have some odd freckles on my buttocks. Can I make an appointment for you to look at them?
 I miss Stuart’s place. All this loud music and exposed brick. What, is this a comic book store, or a rave at the third little pig’s house?
 Oh, boy, if there is one thing that gets my goat, it’s those dad-gum insurance companies.
 For starters, they shed and bite.
 I’ll give you a plan right now. Step one, open comic book store. Step two, start rumour this comic book store gives you genital warts. Step three, buy a big bag to put the money in.
 So, what are some ways we could set our comic book store apart from the competition?
 Nice. You mean, like at parks and schools?
 Yes.
 On the bright side, that Oxford study was right. One friend down. I wonder who you’re going to lose next.
 No. You’re crazy about me.
 You know, the more I think about it, the more intrigued I am about having our own store.
 And we’ll get to have fun interactions with our customers. Like, this isn’t a library, buy it or get out.
 Yes, but as a store owner, I’ll finally have a good comeback to, You don’t work here, shut up.
 I’m sure she did.
 Because if she hadn’t, she’d still be wading through the list.
 If only Penny had said that once in a while.
 Yeah, he’s right. Once, in a moment of candour, I told Amy that her hair reminded me of a duck caught in an oil spill. She stormed out. Which was sad, because we were playing Scrabble, and I had all the letters to spell persimmon.
 I know that if I had a wife or a fiancée, I’d ask her first before I invested money in a comic book store.
 Yeah, well, of course I am. I was also right about her hair. It did everything but quack.
 I’d like your honest opinion on something.
 Now, before I start, I need you to know that I’m very excited about this, and anything you say that isn’t enthusiastically supportive will throw our entire relationship into question. So, keep an open mind.
 Perfect. Now, I’m considering investing in Stuart’s comic book store.
 No.
 Great. Wait till you hear about our van.
 It would’ve been so nice to have a place that was ours, where we could just sit and read comics in peace.
 Well, I guess it was too good to be true.
 I know the real reason you never made progress with that idea. You thought of it September 22nd, 2007. Two days later, Penny moved in, and so much blood rushed to your genitals, your brain became a ghost town.
 I remember it distinctly because I had just composed my annual poem commemorating the anniversary of Dr. Seuss’s death.
 Why, die. Why did he die? Old, told. I was told he was old.
 Oh, really? Since meeting her, what have been your greatest accomplishments?
 Well, don’t feel bad. I think we’ve all been distracted since the girls entered our lives.
 Oh, very much so. Listen to this. This is from two days ago. Hi. Hope you’re having a good day. Who has time for this constant sexting?
 I’m not going to a cabin in the woods. Did you see the movie Cabin in the Woods?
 A hotel? Did you see The Shining?
 Did you see The Lake House?
 Yeah, well, no, not to them. To me. Time traveling mailbox. The only time that traveled was an hour and half of my life down the toilet.
 Well, you didn’t suggest a beach house.
 Well, good Lord, no, have you seen Jaws?
 Yeah, one would assume, on getting out of the pit.
 Thinking caps on.
 Really?
 Yeah, I have it on Blu-ray. We should watch it.
 I’m sorry. Is that a no?
 I did not get a clear answer. I’m gonna set this down now.
 Wait. I’m confused. Why would you need both a robot girlfriend and a robot prostitute?
 You know, a number of significant innovations have been inspired by science fiction. The, the geosynchronous satellite from Arthur C. Clarke. The Motorola flip phone, that came from Star Trek. And I’ve long suspected that the idea of an African-American president was stolen from the movie Deep Impact.
 If we could figure out the scientific basis for Marty’s hover board, that would have universal application.
 I think I have the same one.
 Wait. Whoa, whoa. Is placed right?
 Is placed the right tense for something that would have happened in the future of a past that was affected by something from the future?
 That’s my boy.
 Yeah, but he had will haven’t placed it!
 Unlike Hot Tub Time Machine, this couldn’t be more simple. When Biff gets the almanac in 1955, the alternate future he creates isn’t the one in which Marty and Doc Brown ever use the time machine to travel to 2015. Therefore, in the new timeline, Marty and Doc never brought the time machine…
 Marty and Doc never had have had brought?
 Oh, I’m going with it. Marty and Doc never had have had brought the time machine to 2015. That means 2015 Biff could also not had have had brought the almanac to 1955 Biff. Therefore, the timeline in which 1955 Biff gets the almanac is also the timeline in which 1955 Biff never gets the almanac. And not just never gets. Never have, never hasn’t, never had have hasn’t.
 Do you know that the word wiener comes from the German name of the Austrian capital Vienna, or Wien?
 I don’t think it worked.
 Oh, this is already better. There are far fewer distractions in here.
 Well, I wonder if anyone’s tried that.
 Yeah, he’s right. Oh, here’s a thought. What if we use some form of operant conditioning techniques to keep us from getting off topic?
 Yeah, exactly. Did you know those techniques were used to actually teach pigeons to play ping-pong?
 Mmm, not bad. You know, in medieval times, idle chatter was punished with a device called the scold’s bridle. It’s an iron cage that’s locked around the head and pierces the tongue.
 Oh, I’ll check Amazon.
 Wait, a question, who decides if someone’s gone off topic?
 Ow. We didn’t vote!
 You said quantum coupling. That made me think of the show Quantum Leap. That’s a tangent and it’s your fault.
 Ow. That was your fault.
 I think you mean positive punishment. Negative reinforcement is the removal of a positive stimulus. It’s a common mistake.
 Oh, it’s used incorrectly all the time. Even Bill Murray makes that mistake in the first scene of Ghostbusters.
 Leonard’s right. We can’t just jump ahead. We have to watch the whole movie.
 But we didn’t see them bust one ghost.
 No.
 Ghostbusters!
 Oh, yeah, I’d have to say it’s the most exiting time in the history of the field.
 I started doing it.
 Why not?
 Perhaps the emotion you’re referring to was shock at you having something cleaned.
Are they making fun of us?
 I miss the old days when I couldn’t tell.
 I’m always busy. This mind is capable of advanced multitasking. You know, currently, I’m attempting to solve the Penrose conjecture, I’m composing my Nobel acceptance speech for when I’ve solved the Penrose conjecture, and I’m wondering how mermaids have babies.
 Now I’ve got room for another thing. What do you want?
 Well, I’m from Texas and you’re from India, we’re no strangers to the fragrant armpit. Next.
 Yeah, I have a lactose intolerant roommate with a taste for ice cream. Next.
 Yeah? We have to be somewhere.
 So it’s settled, we’re not doing it.
 Interesting. You’re suggesting that we recreate the conditions of the mine to see if we can handle it.
 Very well.
 Well, I’ll just Google hot, dark and moist, see what comes up.
 Oh, there, well, look, there’s all kinds of videos.
 Well, according to my research, the steam tunnels below this access point should be the closest analog to the mines.
 Plus, there’s almost no chance we’ll see any of our coworkers half naked.
 All right, Amy, this walkie-talkie is yours. If we run into any problems, I’ll contact you. And if anything bad happens, what’s the rule?
 Well, admittedly, this brushes up against my well-known aversions to heat, small places, going below floor-level, dampness, hatches, ladders, darkness, echoes, and eliminating in Home Depot buckets. That last one is quite new, but I have a feeling that’s gonna rocket to the top of the list.
 Yeah, as the person beneath you, allow me to say, I know.
 Uh, let’s see. 704? No, wait, it’s on clock. Uh, the real answer isn’t much better. 102 degrees.
 True. Sheldon’s Mine Simulation Log, entry one. Koothrappali’s restating of the obvious is already getting on my nerves.
 Good. Little claustrophobic.
 Miners often sang mining songs to keep their spirits up.
 Just the hits. (Singing) Where it’s dark as a dungeon, and it’s damp as the dew.
 Where the dangers are double, and the pleasures are few. Where the rain never falls and the sun never shines, yes, it’s dark as a dungeon way down in the mine.
 Well, I pray when I’m dead and the ages shall roll, that my body will blacken and turn into coal.
 Then I’ll look from the door of my heavenly home, and pity the miner that mines my poor bones.
 Who’s he?
 That’s preposterous. How would she go unrecognized just by wearing a wig?
 He doesn’t just put on a pair of glasses. He combs back his curlicue and affects a mild-mannered personality.
 I told you to use the walkie-talkie!
 Please keep this channel clear for emergencies. Thank you.
 This is a simulation. We have to survive on the supplies we brought.
 You’re not going to have Funyuns when we’re a mile below the surface of the Earth.
 We’ll take some Funyuns.
 Some York Peppermint Patties, a couple of Dr. Peppers, and run to Best Buy and see if they have a portable DVD player and season one of a show called Hannah Montana.
 As someone from the tropical subcontinent of India, you should know that fanning yourself in a humid environment only raises your body temperature.
 My major focus at the moment is keeping my claustrophobia at bay.
 You tell me. I feel like I can’t breathe, and I am tempted to crack you open and suck the air right out of your lungs.
 We’re not stopping.
 I apologize. I just, I’m plagued by an internal struggle.
 My struggle is emotional.
 It’s dark matter. When I entered the field of string theory, I was a prodigy. I rose to a position of respect, and I assumed my career would continue on that upward trajectory. Now here I am in my 30s, I’m back at square one. And, frankly, it’s frightening.
 Voyager the space probe or Voyager the Star Trek TV show?
 Good. Because I am too hot and tired to go on about how much I hate Voyager the TV show.
 It’s too late for Koothrappali. Let’s go.
 You’re not doing it for me. You’re doing it for future generations who will benefit from my struggle. (Voice on recorder) Sheldon’s Mine Simulation Log, entry four. My Kit Kat has melted. All is lost.
 His statements of the obvious continue to annoy.
 No, thank you. Delivery men are the unsung foot soldiers of our nation’s commerce. It’s because of people like you, people like me can limit our human contact. I’d shake your hand, but, well, you know.
 That’s humorous.
 Yeah, I bet you leave your patients in stitches. That was also humorous.
 Are you bringing flowers to a patient to cushion the blow of a terminal diagnosis? That wasn’t a joke.
 Hmm. You know, they have delivery people that will do that for you.
 Making the extra effort. Good for you.
 Ooh, Siam Palace?
 Uh, mee krob and chicken satay?
 Uh, extra peanut sauce?
 Eh, well, very well. Oh, and on the topic of sharing things that are yours, there is a gentleman caller bringing flowers to your fiancée as we speak.
 Why didn’t you get extra peanut sauce? We can both play this game.
 Hold on, Doctor. Leonard, where are your social skills? This man is clearly upset. We should invite him in for a hot beverage.
 So have these two, and they’re having dinner with us.
 Here you go, Doctor. Red Zinger with one teaspoon of honey.
 Wait a minute. You’ve snipped Gene Roddenberry’s vas deferens?
 Wow.
 Ooh.
 What’d you get? What’d you get?
 Oh, please, you know, I’ll tell you how he did it. Implacable, relentless badgering. In urology terms, he was a drug-resistant staph infection. And she was a urethra that could not shake him.
 Oh, God. Don’t make it so hard on her. Look, the first someone is the deceitful you. The second someone is the delightful Dr. Lorvis.
 So what other celebrity genitalia have you handled?
 Leonard, I was wrong. Heaven does exist. And it’s in the basement of a urologist’s house in Sherman Oaks.
 Because it’s a story of a pretty blonde girl tirelessly pursued by a small, oddly-shaped man?
 Well, now, don’t get defensive. You’re oddly-shaped, but you got the girl.
 Yes. If you’d like to join in, the premise is their love seems unlikely and doomed to failure.
 Oh, if you want to get in on the pool, you’re too late. All the squares have been purchased.
 Leonard, as your friend I feel I should tell you something.
 I’m still upset about that peanut sauce.
 No, I’d look silly in that helmet.
 Oh, this day just keeps getting better.
 You can do this.
 You think you’ve got problems. The gibbon is the only member of the ape family not classified as a great ape.
 All the non-human apes are classified as great apes except one. That means taxonomists created the entire category of lesser ape just to single out the poor gibbon as the weird kid on the playground. Now there’s a hairy little fellow with a genuine beef.
 True. Sorry, kid, you’ve got it worse than a gibbon.
 No. I had a date with a proper education. Instead of a tuxedo, I dressed myself in good habits. Instead of spiked punch, I enjoyed the intoxicating flavour of knowledge. Instead of dancing in a gym, I shook my bootyto the seductive rhythms…
 …of AP Calculus.
 (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
 Next time I might be in a rush, it’s good to have a few in the bank.
 I’d like to discuss this party that Amy and Bernadette are throwing. Since you and I are both reluctant to go, I think I’ve come up with a perfect way for us to enjoy it.
 We pretend we’re aliens. I’m not the best at reading facial cues, but I’m gonna say that you love it and want to hear more. Now, in the beloved novel Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, an alien named Ford Prefect pretended to be human in order to blend in so that he could write an entry about Earth for The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, which is a travel book within the actual book, which is also called The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy.
 My point is, pretending to be an alien is a valuable coping mechanism I’ve used many times. I did it the first time I went to see you in a play. You had no idea Commander Umfrumf of Ceti Alpha Three was in the audience. Oh, don’t worry, he gave you seven thumbs up.
 There are post-prom mating rituals?
 Well, if it’s part of the prom experience, then I’m open to it.
 I may be an alien, but I have urges. If Amy wants to copulate by firing her eggs into space, well, then, I will happily catch them with the reproductive sac on my upper flermin. I’m not the best at reading facial cues, but I can see that you’re a little turned on.
 Bruce Wayne doesn’t wear a clip-on.
 His name is Alfred, and, yes, he does.
 What, are you sure? It’s my first prom, I want to do it correctly.
 I was, but Penny didn’t want to. You didn’t want to. Bernadette, Amy, Koothrappali and Wolowitz didn’t want to. And even I knew it was weird to hire somebody.
 Yes. I’ve decided to embrace all of the traditions associated with prom, including spiking the punch.
 Oh, no, this is pomegranate juice. It’s all the fun of high school high jinks with the cell-protecting zip of antioxidants.
 Oh, everything. Getting our picture taken, slow-dancing, being elected prom king. Pointing out that kings aren’t elected. It’s gonna be off the hook.
 Why would you say that?
 Penny implied the same thing. Is this true?
 Thank you.
 Excuse me.
 I can’t do this. And for your information, Leonard, the upper flermin doesn’t grow between my shoulder blades, it grows out of the belly button on my neck.
 I don’t think that’s a good idea.
 According to an online message board, I may be having a panic attack. SoccerMom09 had similar symptoms. But to be fair, the twins were a real handful that day.
 What’s going on is we’re about to go to a prom. And there’s a great deal of pressure on young couples like us to engage in what Mr. Bob Eubanks called making whoopee.
 It’s not just that. Leonard and Penny also made comments about it. And I’m not blind. Even I looked twice when I saw my posterior in these tuxedo pants.
 I really did think you looked pretty.
 Yes. So much so that I started to panic.
 Were you hoping we would because it’s prom?
 Thank you for understanding.
 I love you, too.
 There’s no denying I have feelings for you that can’t be explained in any other way. I briefly considered that I had a brain parasite. But that seems even more farfetched. The only conclusion was love. I know what’s happening. This is a panic attack. SoccerMom09 says to lie down with your feet elevated.
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Just because I love you doesn’t mean girls are allowed in my room.
 Me.
 Still think it’s me.
 Of course there is. The Mini Cooper, ’cause it’s me.
 Oh, Tesla.
 Hey, how did it go?
 Why would you have surgery?
 But you don’t have a life-threatening condition. Why would you take the risk of surgery?
 Yes, for the first five or six years, but I’ve gotten used to it. It helps me sleep. He’s like my mucus-powered white noise machine.
 Very well. I’m done talking about it.
 I believe it was your turn in the game.
 Let’s see. Oh, this person is most famous for never having gotten his nose mutilated with elective surgery and never living the rest of his life in the shadows as a hideous, disfigured freak.
 I don’t. I’m not even sure if that’s a person or a typo.
 I’m listening to you snore. I’m wondering how I’ll ever sleep without it.
 Really Leonard. Insults? After I spent two hours in your closet, waiting for you to fall asleep?
 If the surgery is successful, the snoring is gone. And if you die during surgery, the snoring is gone.
 I have to be honest with you Leonard, I’m truly worried.
 Well, I’ve been doing some research and I’ve learned that one in 700,000 people die from general anaesthesia.
 I suppose that’s true. You’re such a glass half-full kind of guy. I’m going to miss that.
 Remember when I said if you went through with your surgery, there was a one-in-700,000 chance of dying?
 Well, I’ve been crunching the numbers, and so far, I’ve gotten your probability of death all the way to a sphincter-tightening one in 300.
 Leonard, what if you have an allergic reaction to the surgeon’s latex gloves?
 Well, then why don’t you wear the rubber gloves I bought for you to do the dishes?
 Fine. What about epilepsy?
 You don’t, but the surgeon might, hmm? And your carotid artery is just one shaky scalpel away from becoming the dancing fountain at Disneyland.
 I do. I have the drive to the hospital right here. That is if you make it to the car without falling down the stairs. And don’t expect me to carry you, I do that enough in life.
 You don’t know that.
 You know who else said that? Every cocky T. Rex currently swimming around in the gas tank of your car.
 I don’t know, I’m smart and scrappy, I think I’d find a way.
 Thank you. And while you’re thinking about it, if you have the surgery in Nicaragua during monsoon season, I can practically guarantee your death.
 18 parts per million. And he’s still doing it.
 Well, thank you. And Leonard never lets me have French toast sticks in the car. I can’t have syrupy fingers, but he can do the backstroke in a toilet bowl.
 Although now that I think about it, Leonard would never go swimming in public without his swim shirt.
 No, but last year, at Magic Mountain, he got such a bad sunburn, we had to cut him out of it.
 You’re acting odd. Why?
 Tell me the truth.
 Come on.
 Amy. What’s going on?
 I see. Take me to Leonard.
 Amy, he’s my best friend, and if you don’t take me, I’m going there anyway.
 I do. And I wouldn’t be able to forgive myself if something happened to him and I wasn’t at his bedside to say I told you so.
 Hello.
 Oh, stop it. I assume this medical centre’s already treated the burns on your bottom from the recent pants fire.
 That’s for the fire marshal to determine.
 Is he okay?
 Very well.
 That’s a good idea. Penny, did you and Leonard ever discuss funeral arrangements?
 I suppose we could try to make it a celebration, but he died so young.
 Oh, this isn’t for Leonard, no. Amy bought it for me.
 You know those confounded things make me dizzy.
 There was a large plant in the lobby. It kept looking like the outside.
 It was like a grapefruit.
 Well, I’m not making any promises. Not only did Leonard take what I feel is an unnecessary risk, he deceived me.
 The reason I was being a pain in the B is because I was worried about him, and no one else was.
 You bet your sweet B I won’t.
 And I’m not? It’s an earthquake. I knew it.
 A little tremor that turns routine sinus surgery into a frontal lobotomy. Oh, I don’t care for this at all. Oh, I need to see he’s okay.
 Try and stop me.
 Why didn’t you stop me?
 You know this is all your fault.
 I told you not to get the surgery.
 Wow. I don’t know which hurts worse, my nose or my heart. Well, I’m done speaking to you.
 Oh, you’re hardly out of the woods, no. You still run the risk of infection, a blood clot, the possibility that an inattentive surgeon let a barn spider lay eggs in your nose. The minute you sneeze web, I’m moving out.
 I was not panicked, and I am not overly attached to Leonard.
 Yeah. Tell me those aren’t the words of a man with a spider eating its way through his brain. Amy, you’re a neuroscientist. Crack his skull open, spray some Raid in there.
 Oh, I ordered it before your surgery. It’s the urn I was going to put you in.
 I can’t send it back, I had it engraved. Here lie the ashes of Leonard Hofstadter. He thought he was right, but his room mate knew better.”
 Oh, that one’s mine.
 Hello. I’m Doctor Sheldon Cooper, and welcome to Sheldon Cooper presents Fun with Flags, the final episode flagtacular. I knew it was coming. Still scary. Now, I’m sure you’re thinking, the final episode? Who will stand between us and flag ignorance?
 But the truth is I can no longer balance a full-time career, a popular Internet show, and a girlfriend.
 So as they say, all good things must come to an end.
 233 if we include the one somebody forgot to press record on.
 And you said you pressed record. Anyway, please sit back, relax, and join us as we take our final lap, as indicated by the waving of this racing flag. And, of course, white flags can also represent surrender, the Stewards of Gondor, and the Japanese Minamoto clan, but I’m sure you remember that from episode sixty-two, White Flags, Who’s Wavin’ ‘Em and Why?
 It was so good.
 Over the years here at Fun With Flags, we’ve had an opportunity to learn, laugh, wonder.
 Like when you do a two-hour Fourth of July spectacular and it doesn’t get recorded.
 How about four thousand. One for every domino I set up to make that American flag. Please enjoy these highlights.
 Crikey, what flag do we have today?
 And now it’s time for the speed round of Flag or Not a Flag.
 I have no idea. Because the story of me sewing the first American flag is unsupported poppycock.
 Don’t ask me. I’m just a simple seamstress whose descendants are out to make a quick buck.
 Fancy a dip, my dear?
 Wait, that purple flag indicates that marine pests, such as jellyfish, are present.
 No. This is. Stop looking at my legs.
 Welcome back. Our guest today is a returning fan favourite. He puts the reading in your rainbow, the Geordi in your La Forge, and the Kunta in your Kinte, Mr. LeVar Burton.
 You do this, I delete your contact information.
 While you watch me do it.
 Well, since you’re here, I’d like to get your opinion on something. In honour of Black History Month, I portrayed George Washington Carver in a loving tribute that my roommate called wildly racist. What do you think? (On recording) Hi. My name is George.
 You heard him, Leonard. No, it’s not racist.
 Well, my little flag-keteers, it looks like the last episode of Fun with Flags is at an end. If I could, I would run each and every one of you viewers up a flagpole and salute you. And if you touched the ground, burn you. I’d like to take a moment to personally thank Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler, who you may or may not know is the first woman to co-host a flag or banner-related Internet info-tainment show.
 And if I may get serious for a moment, hosting this show has been one crazy ride. But with all its ups and downs, I wouldn’t give it up for the world. Except for now, when I’m giving it up. Before I sign off, I’d, uh, I’d like to share with you all one last use for a white flag. It’s good for times like this. Good night.
 If you didn’t press record…
 Hello.
 I posted the last episode of Fun with Flags hours ago, and not a single person cared enough to comment. All that effort for nothing.
 It’s not the same thing. I don’t think you know how I feel at all.
 Hmm. You do get me. Someone left a comment.
 Too bad your show is done. I kind of liked it. Leonard, did you hear that? Oh, the people are heartbroken. I can’t take this away from the world. Fun with Flags is back.
 Let’s celebrate.
 Oh, no, I’m not going to drink it. I just wanted to hear the pop. Yeah, I knew it was coming. Still scary.
 (Knock, knock, knock) LeVar Burton? (Knock, knock, knock) LeVar Burton? (Knock, knock, knock) LeVar Burton?
 You told me not to call, and I didn’t know how else to give you the good news. Fun with Flags is back, and you can be in the next episode.
 You, at least listen to the premise. Since you were born in Germany, I thought we could talk about German flags. How do you feel about dressing up like a swastika?
 You know, speaking of attorneys, if I ever needed a lawyer, I would not hire She-Hulk.
 Yes, but she’s the only monster at the firm. Between you, me and the wall, I think she’s an affirmative action hire.
 Ugh. English pudding. You get yourself all excited for pudding, and here comes a cake with raisins in it. I’m not going.
 Why do you hate me?
 Well, you call it love, but it has a lot of raisins in it.
 Yeah, I appreciate the ride.
 Because in the last ten minutes, Santa came to town, kissed Mommy and ran Grandma over with a reindeer. I had a drunk uncle who did all those things. Nobody sings songs about him.
 My uncle was accused of that, too. It turned out to be legal in Oklahoma.
 Oh, we’re not exchanging gifts.
 Why should I? She knows that I don’t like Christmas, and yet, every year, she forces me to celebrate it. Not only am I going to this foolish dinner against my will, at the Christmas tree lot, there was mistletoe, and she kissed me under it in public. Like we were the stars of a Tijuana sex show.
 Yes, and she’s not taking my feelings into account at all. Maybe it’s time I teach her a lesson.
 Hmm. It’d have to be something heinous, something that makes her as miserable as she’s making me. Oh, I’ve got it. This is good.
 I’m going to buy her a present.
 With gift-giving, there’s an implied social contract. If I show up tonight with a present, and she doesn’t have one for me, she’ll feel terrible.
 Yes. Maybe she’ll feel so guilty, she’ll never make me celebrate the holidays again.
 That’s right. So stay on my good side, or I’ll get you a little something, too.
 No, it’s not good enough. It has to be perfect.
 Hmm. Let’s see, what do I know about Amy? She loves medieval literature, Chaucer’s her favourite. And her eyes sparkle when she watches old French movies. I enjoy how harp music causes her fingers to dance as if she’s playing along.
 I do. Now, let’s find the kind of gift that makes her feel small and worthless.
 Correct.
 There’s an argument for that. But I want to make sure.
 If you like raisins.
 Oh. Oh, in that case, it was pretty good.
 Uh, what do you say we exchange gifts?
 Yeah, I do. Which is why I got Amy this.
 Oh, not just something, no. It’s from the heart, it’s holiday-themed, and I swallowed the gift receipt so you cannot return it.
 Of course it is. It’s the perfect gift. How are you feeling right now? Guilty? Sad? Wishing you were Jewish?
 Oh, really? Well, how about now? (On recording) Happy holidays to my dear Amy. I hope you treasure this as much as I treasure you. (Not on recording) And you got me nothing. Christmas is ruined. Let’s never speak of it again. Well, this was fun.
 But what about our agreement?
 Cookies?
 They’re perfect. It tastes like her hugs.
 I can’t believe this. You’re happy, I’m happy. Well, maybe a holiday that’s all about giving isn’t so… Get your hand out of that box.
 What colour would you like to be?
 That’s not true. Any colour’s fine with me. Yeah, I could be a-a combination of blue and yellow.
 Well, then it’s settled.
 Oh, good news, we ordered lunch, so we can all stay here and play Lord of the Rings Risk.
 Oh, no, we’ll still be playing it tonight, this game can easily take eight hours.
 Yeah, well, you may change your mind when you hear that this is the new expanded edition which contains a more complete map of Middle Earth, now including the Haradwaith Territories.
 You want to be green?
 Fine. Now that we’re not playing, you can be green.
 And since you’re green this time, I can be it next time.
 You know what you could make us do? Ice-skating. The cold air will trigger Leonard’s asthma and it plays right into my well-known fear of getting flattened by a Zamboni.
 Well, I’m sorry, Leonard, I’m a problem-solver, it’s what I do.
 Before you say yes, it’s not the movie about the big dog.
 You should point out the hypocrisy of that.
 Oh, that wasn’t clear. Try it again, but this time drive it home with how do you like them apples, Missy?
 You’re making it too complicated. Why not stick to the basics? Go shopping for clothes while Leonard and I sit in those uncomfortable chairs and hold your purses, hmm? I know I’d hate that. Leonard?
 Well, then, it’s settled?
 Well, once again, it’s what I do.
 That’s easy for you to say. Your chair’s not facing the lingerie section. Boy, that’s a lot of panties.
 I don’t understand why women insist on making a big production out of buying clothes.
 They have a man there who understands my personal style.
 Oh. Well, that’s all right. There were plenty of ways to pass the time before smart phones were invented.
 I’ll look them up. Son of a biscuit.
 No, it’s not fine. What kind of store in the 21st century doesn’t at least have Wi-Fi? I’m going to call their corporate office. Son of a biscuit.
 Let’s see, my armies are going to attack the Shire from Buckland. And I roll a five and a three.
 Boy, double-sixes again. You know, if I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn’t believe it. I wonder how long we’re gonna be stuck here.
 Oh, that’s true. I suppose it’s only fair we make compromises.
 I don’t know why you’re so surprised. If there’s one thing I know about after living with you for so many years, it’s how to compromise.
 All the time.
 Oh, yes. I, just yesterday, you had a, a big piece of lettuce stuck in your teeth at lunch. Did I say anything? No. I compromised and kept my mouth shut. Like you should’ve, because everyone was laughing at you.
 Oh, I learned how. Amy taught me.
 Uh, well, it’s scary. And sometimes I get the pedals mixed up. But, more importantly, driving me to work is one of the things that gives your life purpose. I can’t take that away from you, so what do I do? Oh, come on, I’m practically feeding you the answer. I compromise.
 Oh, here’s another one. I wish that the apple pancake mix was on the top shelf because it starts with an A, but I don’t put it there because I don’t want you breaking one of your little legs when you’re supposed to be making my breakfast.
 I wasn’t done, but go ahead. He said, compromising.
 Well, you’re a physicist, not a circus clown.
 Is that true?
 Well, given my history on the subject, t seems a little reckless to bring it up now.
 You know what? You think you’re so tolerant, but the truth is you’re mean to me a lot. Yeah, you think that I don’t notice all those sarcastic comments and those eye rolls, but I do. Hmm? I have excellent peripheral vision. On a good day, I can see my ears.
 Well, I’m sorry, too. And if you want to live with Penny, then I think you should.
 Yes. Yeah, just put on your squeaky shoes and eee-eee-eee your way out of my life.
 I’m not upset. I’m just imagining a world without my best friend in it.
 It’s okay.
 I understand. Either way, I want you to know that I’m aware of how difficult I can be. So I just want to say thank you for putting up with me.
 That’s exactly what I told him.
 Well, what if you did it gradually?
 How about one night and I let you whistle?
 When I’m not home.
 There we go, compromising again. We really are the best.
 It’s not a basket. It’s a soldier’s helmet from 16th century China.
 I saw that.
 Can you keep it down? Some of us are trying to sleep out here.
 Before you leave, could you test these noise-cancelling headphones?
 Okay. Go ahead.
 Aw, now I’m sad I didn’t hear it.
 Well, I’ve been struggling for months to come up with a theory of dark matter that doesn’t make protons decay. I’m hoping to finally tackle it by optimising my work environment. See, I’ve got, uh, my tea is at the perfect sipping temperature. Uh, I have fleece-lined boxer shorts to keep my tushie toasty. And then, oh, last but not least, this inspirational cat poster improved with the reassuring face of physics renegade Richard Feynman.
 Oh, I will, nothing more fun than a paradigm-shifting evening of science.
 Okay. Here we go. Proton decay. Proton decay. (Time shift) Proton decay. Proton decay. (Time shift) Proton decay. Proton decay.
 How could there be, with these constant interruptions?
 I’m not going to work today. And would you like to know why?
 Like a big old baby.
 I’ve been cooped up in here too long. Maybe I need some fresh air.
 (Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
 (Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
 (Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
 You sounded in distress. I was worried something unpleasant was happening to you. Like a murder. Or spontaneous coitus with Leonard.
 Well, if you hate it, then why are you doing it? Although I could ask the same question about coitus with Leonard.
 And to clarify?
 I’m not going. Would you like to know why?
 Boy, I’m not nearly as mysterious as I think I am.
 Yeah, I was, but after talking to Penny, I realised something. I, first, she’s trying much harder to stay attractive in this relationship than you are. And second, the reason I may not be progressing in my research is I’ve created too pleasant of an environment for myself.
 According to a classic psychological experiment by Yerkes and Dodson, in order to maximize performance, one must create a state of productive anxiety. So I’d like to ask you all to do something for me. Keep me on my toes. Just throw me off my game. Essentially, go out of your way to make my life miserable.
 Well, I suppose…
 Done.
 You know, I don’t want to tell you how to do your job, but when a mouse completes a maze, it gets a food pellet.
 And his last meal was a food pellet? You’re a monster.
 Very well. And good luck, I’m a pretty laid-back guy.
 I’m sorry, I was aiming for your heart.
 Who eats them horizontally?
 Perhaps this was a waste of time.
 Thank you.
 Only do solid research? I come to you for help, and you insult me? I thought the least that you would do would be…
 Really? Oh, that’s fantastic. Now, wait, they’re dropping. Why are they dropping?
 Oh, that is infuriating. Ooh, look, they went back up again. Terrific. Oh, no, they went back down.
 Gentlemen, I have figured out the perfect way for you to irritate me. I’d like you to be my intellectual sparring partners. From now on, when I make an assertion, I need you to challenge it.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Oh, no, it will. See, by keeping my mind engaged, I’ll become more focused.
 Stop fighting me on the premise. It’s scientifically valid. I’m going to advance propositions, I just want you to challenge me.
 Why, of course it’s what I want. Why would I say it’s what I want if it’s not what I want?
 I ask you for one simple thing, and you can’t even do it.
 Yeah, well, then do it.
 You guys are the worst. Thank you, I think that was helpful.
 (Knock, knock, knock) Ladies? (Knock, knock, knock) Ladies? (Knock, knock, knock) Ladies?
 Ladies.
 Well, as you may know, I’ve been experimenting with elevated anxiety levels, and I thought, what better way to increase my discomfort than to subject myself to an evening of tasteless uncensored crotch talk?
 Well, conversations that you wouldn’t be comfortable having in front of the opposite sex. You know, who has the best cervix. Which sanitary napkin is all the rage right now. Men’s buttocks, and how you want to pat and squeeze them.
 And how difficult it is to do when she’s bloated, cranky and crampy? Continue.
 You talk about if werewolves can swim? See, Leonard says yes, but I say it depends on if the human could swim before he was bitten. What do you think?
 Thank you. Oh, and technically, it’s apples that turn into were-oranges when the moon is full. Hey, this is fun. We should do it sometime when you aren’t all PMS’ing. Bye.
 Oh. Uh, I need to keep my anxiety at the right level, so I’m using Darth Vader, the Joker, and Godzilla’s roar to keep me in that sweet spot. Uh, I tried including Taylor Swift in the mix, but turns out I love her.
 Boy, Taylor was right, haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate.
 Of course.
 Yeah.
 I can do both. My brain is working at optimal capacity. I can have a conversation with you and solve the dark matter proton decay problem at the same time.
 Oh, you said it.
 I know. It’s replaced Godzilla as my principle source of anxiety.
 He is getting a lot of work done. He had a pretty interesting take on proton decay.
 That nagging tone is helping my anxiety, yeah. But if you could maybe just go ten percent less shrill, that’d really put the zip-a-dee in my doo-dah.
 There you go, perfect.
 But after months of struggling, I’m finally making progress.
 Or do I, hmm? Sir Isaac Newton wrote his Principia while convinced he was an armadillo.
 Yeah, well, maybe it is, maybe it isn’t. I have been hallucinating lately.
 Amy, I have gotten more done in the last few days than I have since I made the switch to dark matter. What if I stop doing this, and it all goes away?
 Hmm, perhaps. But I’m not taking the cap off.
 Oh, really? What if I don’t? And before you answer that, can I have my dessert?
 And then she threw me out. Me, her very own boyfriend. When all I’ve done is try to help humanity reach of the world we live in.
 I knew you’d understand, Armadillo Isaac Newton.
 Hey. What are you trying to pull? The president of science isn’t in here.
 Okay. Hey, I thought you were trying to trick me.
 No, no, comfort is the enemy. You know what’s comfortable? Slippers and blankets and panda bears. Imagine a panda bear with Richard Feynman’s face on it. Warm up the car, Leonard, it’s poster time.
 No, I don’t want to go to sleep, you can’t make me.
 Yeah, darn straight, you can’t. Try to tell a grown man to go to sleep.
 That’s not gonna work.
 Oh, I’m feeling much better. And I’ve also been continuing to make progress without artificially raising my anxiety levels.
 Of course not.
 Hmm.
 Hmm.
 Well, you could have set Newton’s gravitational constant to one. And, ugh, the whole thing reeks of blueberry. You know I can’t stand these scented markers.
 It’s good.
 I like it. I think you’re on to something.
 Not at all. In fact, I have got something for just such an occasion. I was starting to think I might never get a chance to give it to you. Good job.
 Not just a sticker. That is a sticker of a kitty saying me-wow.
 Fine, I’ll take it back.
 For a man whose last observation was our universe may be the surface of a multidimensional supercooled liquid, you’re still awake seems like quite the sophomore slump.
 Oh, I did more than work out all the math. I wrote a paper.
 I wrote a paper on our idea.
 When I mixed it with Sheldony goodness and cooked it in the Easy-Bake oven of my mind.
 Well, the lightbulb in this oven is ridiculously bright.
 Only way we’ll know for sure is if we post it online to the pre-print server. I have it ready to go, but I wasn’t gonna do it without you.
 We could, but we always run the risk of someone else beating us to the punch.
 My name is right on there with yours. That is a surefire mark of quality. That might as well say directed by Joss Whedon.
 Come on. Click the mouse with me.
 Click.
 Yes, we did, my friend.
 I don’t want to talk about it.
 Does it smell like blueberries?
 Then we’re probably okay.
 Oh, nice to meet you, Mr. Insightful.
 I do, indeed, Mr. Box-Thinking.
 Read another one.
 Who wrote that?
 Well, I’m responding to it.
 Look, I am simply going to defend our work, scientist to scientist. And failing that, suggest that his mother enjoys a string of both human and non-human lovers.
 He just left another comment.
 Can I respond now?
 You mess with the bull, you get the horns. I’m about to show this guy just how horny I can be.
 Hmm. No, not yet.
 My good sir, we are neither crackpots nor wannabes. In fact, we are experts in our fields. And while you hide behind your anonymity, we stand behind our paper. And later tonight, your mother.
 We’re just standing behind her. It’s not like we’re gonna say boo and scare her.
 He still hasn’t responded. What’s taking him so long?
 Yeah, I do. Then no matter how he responds, I am going to destroy him with a picture of a bored cat saying oh, really?
 He wrote back. Cooper and Hofstadter resorting to juvenile attempts at humour is proof they have nothing to back up their ridiculous paper. It should come as no surprise given they work at Cal Tech, essentially a technical school, where even the physicists are basically engineers. Engineers? Do you know how insulting that is?
 Yeah, but it’s still so aggravating.
 And send.
 I’m done hiding from bullies. I’m taking this into the real world.
 I told him we’ll meet him face-to-face anytime, anywhere.
 Oh, okay, okay, calm down. (Skype tone) It’s him. He’s trying to video chat. Perhaps I shouldn’t have taken this into the real world.
 Interesting. I can’t think of a single thing I wouldn’t say to someone’s face.
 He’s right. I say we call this person back. We’ve got no reason to hide.
 Click it with me. One, two, three, click.
 Professor Hawking?
 Then why are you attacking us?
 Good to see you again, Mr. Stephen-Hawking Liked-Our-Paper.
 Given the fact that you took the time to build a wood fire, draw the water from the well and heat it, it would be rude to complain. But since you asked, it’s a little nippy.
 They’re not undergarments. They’re Underoos. Where I come from, they’re known as underwear that’s fun to wear.
 Oh, that represents Spider-Man. He does whatever a spider can.
 I’ve invented a science joke, would you like to hear it?
 How many Edisons does it take to screw in a light bulb?
 Who cares? He stole the idea and doesn’t deserve his own joke.
 Of course, that’s how you know it’s a good joke. It not only entertains, it informs.
 Uh, Barry, uh, how many Edisons does it take to screw in a light bulb?
 What do you want, Barry?
 Oh, no, me as well. Uh, please e-mail it to Sheldon at bazinga dot biz. Why dot biz? Because I just gave you the business. And also bazinga dot com was taken.
 Since when do you help out Barry Kripke?
 Oh, really? When I was doing string theory and hit a dead end, why didn’t you try to help me?
 That’s pretty funny, that does sound like me. But that doesn’t mean that you should be standing on street corners handing out your math to whatever guy comes along.
 I’m being petty? You know Barry and I have a professional rivalry. You heard him, he told me to suck eggs. If we were friends, he would have suggested I suck something more pleasant. Why are you laughing? Did you learn something?
 Hello.
 If I was okay, I would’ve said hello, and not the much more ominous hello.
 I’m mad at Amy.
 No. She helped Barry Kripke make an advancement in string theory.
 Well, it would be, except that I left string theory because I decided it was a dead end. Yeah, and then she went behind my back to help someone else prove me wrong. My rival, no less. I’m sorry you had to see that.
 Why would she do this to me?
 No, I said there’s nothing more important than me advancing science.
 Ugh, let it go. I have heard that my whole life. Every time something upsets me somebody says, let it go, you know, like it’s my fault, and it’s not okay to feel the way I feel.
 Is that all you have? Shopworn tidbits like talk to her and let it go? Gee, Penny, life’s giving me lemons. What should I do?
 Okay, now you’re getting creative.
 Kripke, you know, of all the people, Barry Kripke. I’m so… Are you folding that like a crazy person to get me to do it for you?
 Oh, give me that. Just out of curiosity, if I were to let something go, how would I do that?
 Can I think about the spiny anteater?
 The spiny anteater never went behind my back and worked with Barry Kripke. That didn’t help at all.
 How does that work?
 Okay.
 Okay.
 But I just got this pen. It’s got my initials on it and everything. Look.
 I may have a better way that you can teach me.
 What if I told you that over the past few months Amy has secretly been giving you little puzzles to test your intelligence against chimpanzees in her lab?
 Are you sure?
 Okay, that’s great. Now, let it go.
 Well, excuse me, Amy was testing you. I was rooting for you. Good job on that banana box, by the way.
 She’s been conducting an experiment on apes where they’re given various puzzles to solve. I was surprised at the complexity of the puzzles and thought some humans wouldn’t be able to solve them. That’s when Amy said, want to make this interesting?
 No, no. We designed an experiment involving you. See? Now, isn’t that interesting?
 Okay, maybe this will help. Imagine you’re holding a pen. Before you go too far, not a special pen with your initials engraved on it, that’ll make the next part really hard.
 I don’t understand why you’re mad at me. You should be mad at Amy. Like I was this afternoon. Hey, look at that, I let it go.
 Penny?
 I think I left my pen in there.
 I can’t. I’m naked.
 Hang on.
 Thank you.
 That sounds like us. I still don’t understand why you’re upset. You solved every puzzle faster than all of the chimps.
 Oh, I can help you with that. Imagine you’re holding an ordinary pen. While your favourite pen is safe and secure in your pocket.
 May I say something?
 But I think it would be comforting.
 When I lost my own father, I didn’t have any friends to help me through it. You do.
 I didn’t care for her yelling. But now that I’m not going to hear it again, I’m sad.
 It won’t be as good.
 Oh, that’s nonsense. I proclaimed my love for you. And the last time I looked into your eyes was when you thought you had conjunctivitis.
 Yeah, but we don’t have to debate this. We’re scientists. We can conduct our own research. I propose that we imprison two street people and…
 You didn’t even let me finish.
 So, you can experiment on all the apes you want. But I want to manipulate the emotions of two captive human beings, suddenly I’m the monster.
 In the interest of science, I’d be willing to.
 Yes.
 Uh, fun fact, pontificate comes from the Latin word pontifex, which means bridge builder or Pope.
 Just out of curiosity, Penny, if this experiment does make us fall in love, would you drive me to Lake Geneva, Wisconsin for Gary Con? It’s the only convention celebrating the life and work of Gary Gygax, the co-creator of Dungeons and Dragons.
 Okay, babe, let’s do this.
 You ready to begin?
 Correct. You’re not supposed to drink alcohol when operating heavy machinery.
 Well, as a Texas gentleman, I’m inclined to say ladies first. Although, I’m concerned that level of politeness and charm might make you fall in love with me before the test even begins. Perhaps we should flip a coin. Or if you’re familiar with the rules of Rock, Paper, Scissors…
 Hmm. Living or dead?
 Ah, that’s just as well. As much as I’d love to meet Euclid, inventor of the geometric proof, he probably wore sandals and I cannot look at toes during dinner. Oh, I know, the person I’d most like to have dinner with is myself.
 Well, I haven’t. And while they say never meet your heroes, I just don’t see how I could disappoint. Who would you choose?
 Oh, I didn’t think of Iron Man. You know, maybe after myself and I have dinner, we can meet you two for dessert.
 What would constitute a perfect day for you?
 That’s it?
 You didn’t mention Leonard.
 I don’t think so. Leonard can’t stand yoga, the beach, massages or dancing.
 Uh, I wake up. Uh, I enjoy some French toast with butter and syrup. Uh, then a wormhole opens, and whisks me millions of years into the future where my towering intellect is used to save the last remnants of mankind from a predatory alien race.
 Who do you think made the French toast with butter and syrup?
 If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?
 I don’t think you’re taking this seriously.
 I believe what you’re doing is using humour to avoid vulnerability.
 Ha. Keep dreaming.
 I’m sorry. That was me having fun with you. Look, you may not be as, as academically inclined as are we. Yes, that’s how you say it. But, you possess an intelligence I envy. Which leads me to my answer. I would choose the ability to read people’s minds.
 When are we going to get robot eyes?
 Well, what I meant was I often misinterpret how others are feeling. Like, I can’t always tell if someone is only joking or laughing at me. You know, like, uh, if they’re mad at something I’ve done or just in a bad mood. It, it’s incredibly stressful.
 Well, I’m not. And if I could read people’s minds, life would be so much simpler.
 Thank you.
 You sure it’s not too much Bible juice?
 So, it would be today? Huh. Well, I suppose there’s something satisfying about dying on my birthday.
 Yes.
 Well, I don’t enjoy presents. And the thought of people jumping out and yelling surprise fills me with more dread than the words George Lucas Director’s Cut.
 The point of the experiment is to be completely honest with each other.
 Thank you.
 You’re making it difficult to love you right now.
 That’s it. We’re done with the questions.
 Okay. Wait, hang on. Bladder check. We’re good to go.
 Yes.
 We’re not supposed to talk during this part.
 This is kind of creepy.
 Well, you have a brown fleck in your right iris that looks like a Formula One race car. So I’m just concentrating on that. Plus, it’s easier around people that I’m comfortable with.
 Of course you are, I’m warm and soothing. I’m like a human bowl of tomato soup.
 Oh. Well, I suppose I do think of you as a sister. And sometimes, a mother.
 What?
 It was a Monday afternoon. You joined us for Indian food.
 Yeah, and you’re still eating our food.
 I remember it perfectly. But I have an eidetic memory. If you’re interested, I also remember how much you owe us for the food.
 No, it wasn’t. Uh, now let’s tabulate the results of the experiment. I think it’s safe to say that you’re not in love with me and I’m not in love with you. And psychology has once again proved itself the doofus of the sciences.
 And I, you. And yes, that’s how you say that. Yeah, so, given our newfound intimacy, I’d say we have some hard choices to make.
 Gary Con, do we fly or drive? Do we wear costumes? And if so, who gets to be Gary?
 Thank you for walking me home.
 Well, this is me. It’s been a very interesting evening.
 Aah! And after I let you be Gary.
 Oh, good. You’re back.
 As you know, Amy and I have been together a long time, and a lot of things I never thought possible now seem possible.
 Do you want to say it?
 We’re getting a turtle.
 Sarcasm?
 Okay. That was tricky, ’cause when it comes to alcohol, she generally means business.
 No. It’s true. It means that we care so much about each other, there’s enough left over for an eight-ounce reptile.
 After much deliberation, we’ve determined that a turtle is the ideal pet. They don’t shed fur, they don’t make noise.
 Yeah. And if he ever goes berserk, I know I can outrun him. Coincidentally, that’s also why I chose you as a roommate.
 Oh, dear Lord. Oh, dear Lord.
 That was a lot of puppies.
 Oh, I don’t know. He kind of looks like a jerk. How about this one?
 I know. I like him, too. Hi, little guy. How’d you like to come home with us? You’ll be living with me because we don’t live in the same house.
 Or if they accept Daddy’s application to live on Mars.
 Oh, there’s this company that’s attempting to establish a colony on Mars, and I applied to be among the first to go. What should we name him? You know, I came in thinking Seth, but he kind of looks Italian.
 Would you have approved?
 Well, based on your reaction, it looks like I made the right choice. Isn’t that right, Giuseppe?
 I can’t believe you almost had me bring a wild animal into my home.
 I was playing Got Your Nose. That’s how you get children to like you.
 Ugh, this again. Amy, I’ve already had one new hole torn in my body today. I don’t need another one.
 So you’re saying you wouldn’t leave me for the chance to be one of the first humans to colonize another planet?
 Huh, that’s exactly what Leonard, Wolowitz, Koothrappali, Bernadette and Penny said.
 First of all, this has only made me stronger. But beyond that, all I did was fill out an application.
 Is there anything I can do to cheer you up?
 What if I play the Star Trek theme on my nose?
 Yep, you’re mad.
 I was going to make you red zinger, but since Mars is the red planet, I went with peppermint.
 Actually, as part of the application, I was required to make a short video answering that very question. You want to see it?
 But I made a video.
 I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper, and I’d like to tell you why I should be chosen to go to Mars. I’m exceedingly smart. I graduated college at 14. While my brother was getting an STD I was getting a PhD. Penicillin can’t take this away. Being in close quarters, cleanliness is important and my hygiene is impeccable. In fact, animals don’t trust me because I smell like nothing. Literally nothing. During the seven-month space flight, I can keep up morale with my wacky sense of humour. Hey, Leonard, is there any peanut brittle left in that can?
 Yes. Open it and check.
 But on a more serious note, the most important reason I want to go to Mars is that I believe, as a scientist, it’s my duty to push the boundaries of human knowledge forward. Now, I know that life on Mars will be difficult. But life here on Earth is no picnic. Also, picnics are no picnic. Where should we go for lunch? Oh, I know, the ground. In conclusion, thank you for considering me for this journey of a lifetime. To Mars.
 Afterwards, Leonard blew his nose, and pie came out.
 Why? I really don’t understand what’s happening here.
 Amy. Oh, why didn’t I give her Sleepy Time tea? Amy, wait. Getting a turtle meant a great deal to me, too.
 Do you want me to withdraw my application?
 And in that future, are we on the same planet? Because I’ve seen people make the long-distance thing work.
 Okay. Does that planet have to be Earth?
 I am. Yeah, if I’m going to a barren, lifeless environment where the chances of survival are slim to none, I want you there with me. Why don’t we go back to the apartment, and fill out your application?
 Oh, I know. We could be the first to plant a flag on Mars. We could be the first to watch Mars Attacks! on Mars. We could be the first to say good lord, what on Mars are you talking about?
 You just can’t keep it in your space pants, can you?
 They would, wouldn’t they? We could give them cool Martian names. And we could teach them about Martian history. Like, who planted those flags? And, uh, where did that copy of Mars Attacks! come from?
 Good idea. And since you’ve had such a rough day, I’m gonna let you throw the pie in Leonard’s face.
 Two one six four two zero one nine eight nine. And that, little lady, is pi to a thousand places.
 Oh, look, it’s the Scientific American that covered the paper Leonard and I wrote.
 I have mixed feelings about doing interviews. I like the part where I talk. I do not like the part where the other man talks.
 Well, that can’t be right.
 All I did was answer a few questions about the theory. And then expressed my gratitude that Scientific American doesn’t include any of those smelly perfume cards.
 Why? The theory he came up with just got mentioned in Scientific American. He ought to be thrilled.
 Oh, maybe you’re right. He is kind of a lump.
 Oh, I’d be incensed.
 Squeaky wheel gets the grease?
 Grass is always greener?
 Well, I don’t know, we’re all Groot? Just tell me.
 But it wasn’t my fault. I didn’t exclude him. And I didn’t write the article.
 Oh, that kid. Poor Leonard.
 For the record, that kid was a terrible choice. If you cry when you drop your churro, you do not have what it takes to rule England.
 Leonard? Have you ever noticed that only my name is on the cable bill?
 Good, good. And your name is on the electric bill and mine isn’t. And I’m okay with that.
 Oh, right. This is a disaster.
 Okay, I have to tell you something, but you’re not going to like it.
 An article was just published in Scientific American about our theory.
 No. No, they loved it. They, uh, couldn’t say enough nice things about it.
 You know how the PennySaver only has my name…
 They didn’t mention you in the article. Only me.
 I know. It’s not fair. Let the anger go, buddy. You just, you relax all your muscles. Except for your pubococcygeus and anal sphincter. Let’s keep those tight.
 It is. They’re what hold back the urine and the faeces. Look, maybe, maybe you shouldn’t read it. It’ll only make you feel worse.
 You should know I had nothing to do with that.
 You know, you’re right. Yeah. You know, it’s like when Stan Lee and Steve Ditko created Spider-Man. Stan Lee may get all the credit, but Steve Ditko knows he was just as important. Even though Stan Lee gets to be in all the Marvel movies. And. and he’s far richer. And he’s a household name, you know? Whereas, you know, you say Ditko, and that sounds like a company that makes Dits.
 Well, I’d give more examples, but, well, everyone in your position’s so forgettable.
 (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard?
 I spoke to the reporter at the magazine.
 I did.
 He said they made the editorial decision to only cite the lead scientist.
 Well, I know it was your idea, but the reporter said he’s been following my work for a while, and the only reason they even mentioned it in the magazine is ’cause my name is on it.
 Well then what if I told you that I added your name to the cable bill?
 Oh. That’s just as well. They had me on hold for 20 minutes and I hung up. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? Also, Wolowitz invited us all to dinner, so I’m ready whenever you are.
 All he had was an idea.
 Oh, please. I have ideas all day long. Reverse SeaWorld where dolphins are allowed to pet people. A new clothing size between medium and large called Marge. Snow White retold from the point of view of Sneezy. Why won’t Doc prescribe him something? We finally find out.
 Fine. Then Grumpy, what’s he so grumpy about? Maybe his girlfriend won’t take his side.
 Is it my fault I have a much bigger reputation than he does?
 Is it my fault that my name came first on the paper alphabetically?
 Is it my fault that when the reporter cited me as the lead scientist I didn’t correct him?
 Hi. Hello. Oh, and a special hello to Leonard, who needs to be mentioned by name.
 But you got it, right?
 Of course.
 Indeed. Penny, a salon is a gathering where intellectuals entertained each other with sparkling conversations about issues of the day.
 Oh, I’m aware. It features Whoopi Goldberg. She played Guinan on Star Trek
 I don’t believe it matters what the topic is. What’s crucial for a salon is that we conduct the discussion in an elevated and insightful way. It’s all about the execution.
 Yeah, good for you, Leonard. That’s a lovely little notion. Kind of like, I wish I could talk to my uncle in Chicago. Yeah, now stand back while I invent the telephone. Hello? Oh, hold on. Leonard, it’s your uncle. He says you just got burned.
 Well said, old chap. I thought eloquence had died, here it stands before us. Starting today, it’ll go Gettysburg Address, I have a dream, and what he just said.
 Leonard, please. His mother just died.
 Yeah, so are you.
 Leonard, lots of people could’ve had that idea, but very few people could’ve worked out the math the way I did.
 Oh, well, apparently Leonard thinks he’s better than everyone in the whole world, including those fighting for our freedom. Yeah, well, I don’t know about you, but I support our boys overseas.
 Hey, you already ruined Thor, give it a rest.
 I didn’t hog anything. Unlike you and that weird lasagna with raisins in it.
 She said my name first, that must kill you.
 You see, Penny, the Israelites were in the desert…
 Hang on. Physics Today mentioned the paper.
 They did.
 Yay.
 Leonard, I’ve been working on an opening joke for our lecture at Berkeley.
 Okay, um, what do you say to a graduate of the UC Berkeley physics department? I’ll have fries with that. Because his education hasn’t prepared him for a career in the sciences.
 Yeah, I think so. I just restocked the old PRK.
 I don’t see what’s crazy about bringing a backpack with your own toilet paper and Purell.
 And rubber gloves, uh, air freshener. Um, noise-cancelling headphones. Oh, danger whistle. Um, pepper spray. Ooh, a multi-language occupied sign. Uh, let’s see, we have seat protectors, uh, booties for my shoes, a clothespin for my nose. Oh, and a mirror on a stick, so I can make sure the person in the stall next to me isn’t some kind of weirdo.
 Would you like to play a physics car game I invented called I Can’t Spy? It’s all the nail-biting tension of I Spy but the added fun of subatomic particles and waves outside the visible spectrum.
 I’ll begin. Uh, I can’t spy with my little eye something passing right through us.
 Will you please play the game? I can’t spy with my little eye something passing right through us.
 I don’t want to play anymore.
 We get it, you won the game. Stop bragging.
 I suppose it is. In fact, if you’d like to celebrate with a little music, I’d be okay with that.
 Play that funky music, white boy.
 What reference?
 So they’re requesting that the white boy play the funky music, yes?
 And this music we’re listening to right now is funky as well?
 Let me ask you this. Do you think this song is the music the white boy ultimately plays?
 So it’s like the musical equivalent of Russell’s Paradox, the question of whether the set of all sets that don’t contain themselves as members contains itself?
 Well then I hate it. Music should just be fun.
 Will our hotel room be ready?
 Aren’t you worried that sitting in the lobby for a long period of time might attract the attention of the hotel detective?
 Seems a little confrontational, but all right. You know, we won’t be very far from Skywalker Ranch.
 Why not?
 Yoda’s swamp was in the middle of nowhere. Tatooine was in the middle of nowhere. Hoth was in the middle of nowhere. That’s code, Leonard. He wants us to drop in.
 Yes. Oh, I’m so excited. And I just can’t hide it.
 What are you talking about?
 There it is. It’s just a gate. On a road.
 This is so amazing.
 I want more than a picture. I want to go in.
 Is that the attitude that helped you get Penny?
 There’s a speaker box. Drive up, push the button, and let’s see what happens.
 Well, get over it. Confidence is key in these situations.
 You pushed it, are you out of your mind?
 You’re blowing it. We want to meet George Lucas and become his friends and play with him.
 All right, we’ve defeated the first challenge. Now we must steel ourselves to face the monster who defends the gate.
 I think what really needs to be rescued is your sense of whimsy, but one quest at a time. So what’s the plan?
 Honesty will never get us in.
 All right, my plan is predicated on the assumption that they have a nurse’s office and your willingness to be lightly stabbed.
 Oh, you are killing me.
 What if I told you that I was the voice of Yoda? A recording session I must attend.
 Shedding the yoke of my oppressors, you blind, sad little man.
 I can see the ranch, Leonard. Oh, it’s rustic, it’s lovely. I’d take a picture, but people are chasing me. I’m gonna make it. I’m gonna make it. They have Tasers, but they wouldn’t dare use… Aaaaaaagh!
 Do you think they’re gonna call the police?
 Oh, I think that’s below the pay grade of an Imperial Officer. Stormtroopers are really the ones who…
 So, what are you in for?
 But why are you here?
 Excuse me. Leonard, they have a sculpture gallery.
 Uh, one question about that picture. Can it be with George Lucas? Ooh, grumpy you are.
 Are you still mad at me?
 Boy, some people are just glass-half-empty.
 Before I answer, was he a smoker? I think you’re looking at this all wrong.
 Well, not only did we go to Skywalker Ranch, we got in. And no one we know can say that. And for all the times you find me irritating, today you got to watch someone shoot me with a Taser.
 See?
 I’ll take your word for it. I was too busy trying not to defecate.
 That’s amazing.
 And I saw Jabba the Hutt riding by on a motorcycle. Although that was right after the Tasing, so who can say for sure?
 It was. And even though we’re not allowed back there, they can never take today away from us. Unlike my sense of smell, which hasn’t returned since the Tasing. No, I got nothing.
 Amy, the Daleks are right on my tail, quick, we need to reset the time circuits. Oh, no, I left my sonic screwdriver behind.
 Well, I’ll give you three guesses why I’m so irritated.
 I guess news travels fast. It’s true, a select group of scientists was invited to a weekend symposium at a former home of Richard Feynman, and I wasn’t included.
 You’re just saying that to make me feel better.
 Agreed.
 Sure. It’s not like I was invited to Richard Feynman’s house and have anything better to do.
 I don’t know the future. Do you think there’s a chance that an asteroid could hit the Earth, destroying Feynman’s house and everyone in it?
 Then buckle up, you’re in for a cranky night.
 You know I just put that in because of uterus stuff.
 I was afraid you might bring this up, so I have a work-around. There you go. As far as you’re concerned, I’m smiling. Although, I must admit, I’m smiling a little bit at the moment because this loophole is so brilliant.
 Do you think there comes a point in life when it stops feeling bad to be left out of things?
 You know what? I used to be a fan of evolution, but I’ve since evolved, and now I think it’s dumb.
 Hey, look at that. Even in your example, you’re all by yourself.
 I can just picture them all right now at Feynman’s house, probably discussing Schrodinger and at the same time, not discussing Schrodinger. See? They’re missing out on hilarious jokes like that.
 It reminds me of when my stupid brother and sister would build forts in the living room and wouldn’t let me in. I hated that so much.
 Isn’t that a little juvenile?
 I’ll get the blankets. You Google how to have childlike fun.
 Wonderful. I just finished hanging the lights.
 Yes, oh, but enter through the side. Batman is a load-bearing blanket.
 I know. This isn’t the printout. This is my real face.
 Roughing it? Okay. Everything looks so big from down here. This must be how Leonard feels.
 Okay, so the final four forts in the first annual best fort ever contest, or fort off, are, Fort Knox, Fort Ticonderoga, Fort Sumter and Fort Cozy McBlanket.
 Mm-hmm.
 Wait, no. We haven’t picked a winner.
 Well, of course we do. Fort Knox doesn’t have a secret physics lending library.
 Well, wait. What if, just this once, we suspend the date night parameters and you stay later?
 That’s a big step.
 Very well. I will agree to a family-friendly, G-rated, boy-girl sleepover.
 G-rated, with a warning for families with babies and toddlers.
 Do you need to borrow a toothbrush or pajamas?
 It would, but you know how much I admire preparedness. How did you know we’d be in the living room?
 We built a fort.
 Well, Leonard, don’t you want to see the inside of the fort?
 Oh, come on. I really wanted to tell someone they can’t come in.
 I want to say no, but it’s too glorious. Get in here.
 Not there. That’s my spot.
 Hey, would you like to hear some songs I’ve rewritten to get children interested in the hard sciences?
 There was a scientist who had a theory and James Clerk Maxwell was his name-o. J-A-M-E-S, C-L-E-R-K space M-A-X-W-E-L-L, And James Clerk Maxwell was his name-o. There was a scientist who had a theory and James Clerk Maxwell was his name-o, A-M-E-S…
 Perhaps you’d prefer this one. The itsy bitsy spider is not an insect at all, because it haseight legs and two body parts.
 Thank you. Do either of you know Beyoncé? I’d love her to get behind it.
 Hello.
 All right, you can’t breathe our air without an inhaler, he’s allergic to Earth nuts, but I’m the alien.
 Excellent.
 I’ll tell you exactly what you should do, avoid the presumption of the Terran sensory input paradigm.
 Any intelligent organism would at the very least need the ability to locate the position of objects in space. So the ideal interstellar lingua franca would be haptic.
 I bet that started off as a joke, but by the third one you realized there was something strangely enjoyable about it.
 I don’t recommend it. You’ll be doing it the rest of your life. Anyway, if you’re looking for Leonard, he’s with Koothrappali.
 How nice. Here are some topics that interest me, quantum mechanics, trains, flags.
 Oh, sorry. That’s not on the list.
 Oh, wait. No. How about we split the difference and discuss why Austria was an archduchy and not just a regular duchy.
 Hmm. I know exactly what you should do. Unfortunately, I cannot tell you.
 I’m attempting to turn over a new leaf. Earlier today, it was pointed out to me that I tend to force my ideas on people.
 No, that train has left the station. Now, we can play this one of two ways. You can say, trains, tell me more, or you can just look at me like that and I’ll start.
 So, often on the front of the locomotive is a large iron wedge for clearing objects off the tracks. Now, while commonly known as a cowcatcher, I prefer the more accurate cow exploder.
 Mmm.
 Are you using trains to trick me into giving you advice?
 All right, then. You should take a third train where you audition for the movie but hold off on making a career decision until you have more information.
 Well, Penny, who’s smarter, the wise man or the person who comes to him for advice?
 No, it’s the wise man. That’s why he’s called the wise man. You know how I know that? I’m the wise man.
 Uh, just out of curiosity, why didn’t you ask Leonard for advice about this?
 Ah, it’s just like he’s here.
 It’s the eye of the tiger, it’s the ear of the bat, it’s the whiskers of the catfish and the walrus.
 You didn’t let me finish. And also regarding the bat, it has sonar.
 I’m sorry. I was trying to think of what rhymes with nose of the aardvark.
 Well, well, well, did you hear that, Howard?
 Certainly.
 Get together tonight? Leonard, stop trying to control everything, and give poor Raj a chance to come up with what we should do. Go ahead, Raj.
 Tonight works better for me.
 Uh, building on that, we should order dinner.
 Building on building on that, there’s a new build-your-own pizza place on Colorado.
 Bah, you didn’t say building on. You’re out.
 You’re out, and you’re out. I win. Who wants pizza?
 Yeah, I never cared for that. It’s advertising to predator races just how soft and squishy we are.
 Oh, don’t be offended. You know, of the four of us, you have the most veal-like consistency.
 Perhaps Howard meant passive-aggressive like asking our group to help on your project, and then only choosing Leonard.
 We looked great.
 Yeah, and if he does ask you, go. It’s amazing.
 Oh, I recommend that, too. That was a magical experience.
 I sure did. Oh, my goodness. Well, from Jabba’s head to ice cream with Darth Vader, I’m having a heck of a ride. Yeah, look, clearly, good things happen when I’m in charge. Now, why don’t you boys step aside, let me knock this project out?
 Leonard, who’s really in charge? The person in charge, or those who put him in charge?
 No, the guy in charge is in ch… why is everyone so bad at these?
 Greetings from planet Earth. Just turn left at Alpha Centauri. You can’t miss it.
 If your bathroom floor counts as a carry-on, you’re packed.
 Aren’t you afraid of being blinded?
 At the end of the ceremony, all the students throw those pointy hats in the air. It’s all pomp and circumstance until someone loses an eye.
 Fine. I wonder if they make I told you so cards in braille.
 And a pointy hat sticking out of your eyeball.
 All I see is a black screen. And my own reflection. I look sad.
 All right.
 It actually says at least?
 Why would they say at least? Is it ten toggles? Is it a hundred toggles? You know? Is it a thousand toggles? Ten thousand toggles? A hundred thousand toggles?
 You see where I’m going with this.
 All right, that seems simple enough. Initiating calibration sequence. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. Well, I suppose ten is technically at least ten. But they’re still getting at least one angry letter.
 Initiating rotation sequence. Don’t look at me, initiate. What does red and yellow mean?
 Oh. Very well. Re-initiating calibration sequence. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten… eleven. It’s a good thing I didn’t send that letter.
 Yay.
 We did it. Oh, if it’s this much fun to rotate, imagine when we fly it.
 Oh, no.
 Won’t that void the warranty?
 You know what they all do, right?
 What about this one?
 Not very.
 So, can you get it working?
 I thought the zero-gravity toilet didn’t work.
 Hello.
 Well, don’t worry. He went to MIT. He can solve any problem, as long as it doesn’t originate in a Russian man’s colon.
 You can’t return it. Howard wiped his bottom with the warranty.
 I think metaphorically. But he was in the bathroom for a while.
 Very impressive. You know, when you’re done with that, can you look at this? It doesn’t make smoke anymore.
 Mm. Sorry. Ah, maybe it’s for the best. I hear locomotive smoke is the second leading cause of death among train aficionados.
 Wrong. Obesity.
 Oh, look at you, the little engineer that could.
 Whoa.
 You call tech support.
 Check.
 Check.
 Four, three, two, one.
 That’s what my train used to do.
 It is awful, isn’t it? Listen to that noise.
 Then who is?
 Initiate landing sequence. Initiate landing sequence. Hey, the camera’s working. Oh, look, it’s me.
 Yes, it’s a robot uprising. Call the police.
 Don’t worry, everyone in here is safe.
 Well, my mother’s been there for every honour I’ve won since I beat out my twin sister for the did it on the potty trophy. How does this look?
 You act like I didn’t get you that mushroom log on Valentine’s Day.
 Maybe they’ll be best friends. One of them is brilliant, one is sweet and simple. Sound familiar?
 Oh, thank you, Mother.
 Oh, it’s quite straightforward, actually. It describes a new model of the universe that conceptualizes it as the surface of an n-dimensional superfluid.
 What did they feed the lions, Mother?
 Listen, Leonard’s mom is a renowned psychiatrist and woman of science. Can you please keep the Bible babble to yourself while she’s here?
 Of course not. I love you. I’m just embarrassed by the things you believe, do and say.
 Oh, Doctor Hofstadter, it’s so good to see you again.
 Oh, thank you.
 Doctor Hofstadter, I want you to meet my mother, Mary.
 Beverly, would you like to see the math I worked out to support our hypothesis?
 Ooh, good question. Everyone loves stories about Sheldon Cooper, boy genius.
 Ooh, this is a good one.
 Tell her about the uranium. Tell her about the uranium.
 But I wasn’t. ‘Cause I didn’t have any friends.
 I was a handful.
 Oh, and here’s a picture of me receiving my bachelor of science degree.
 Well, I had just begun puberty. It was figuratively and literally one of the hairiest moments of my life.
 Oh, true. But all the clenching in the world will not keep testicles in your abdomen.
 You remember my mother.
 Oh, no, not at all. No, we, uh, found a place online that, uh, repurposes diamond drill bits.
 Oh, sure.
 You mean the box, right?
 Did I misspeak about the ring?
 Do you mean what marine biologists refer to as super weaning?
 Well, now I have to correct you. As a bit of an elephant seal buff, the more accurate comparison would be when two mother seals actively seek to nourish the same pup. So I believe the term you’re looking for is a double mother suckler.
 Okay, well, now that we have the terminology straightened out. How dare you.
 It is not my fault that your mother likes me better than she likes you.
 Oh, it’s all right. She’ll forgive you. She has to or she goes to hell.
 Well, you doled out affection as a reward for achievement, a proven way to raise a child. Or train a rat.
 I’d feign modesty at this point, but who would believe me? Still, you need to consider how successful Leonard’s brother and sister are.
 While my brother and sister are mouth-breathing idiots.
 Perhaps. But my mom made me spaghetti with chopped-up hot dogs whenever I wanted, so who cares?
 I taught her that.
 I know. Do you think I should start watching The Flash TV show?
 Well, one of the things.
 Yes. I thought, I can’t decide if I should watch The Flash TV show. I know, I’ll ask Amy. Anyway.
 You’re right, you did kind of kill the mood.
 Excuse me. Starting to watch a television show that might run for years isn’t a decision to take lightly. I’m wrestling with a big commitment issue here.
 Irony’s not really my strong suit. But I have been getting better with sarcasm, if you want to give that a try.
 Whenever you’re ready.
 Oh, good. You’re here. I need your assistance.
 What happened?
 Been there.
 Amy’s mad at me, and I’m not clear why.
 Yes.
 Well, I just asked her if I should start watching the new Flash TV series.
 Baffling, right? We were necking like a couple of hooligans under the school bleachers. I stopped so I could ask the question. Next thing I know, good-bye, kissy face. Hello, yelly face.
 It was. I asked her if she thought I should watch The Flash.
 Oh, no, not just a season. If I’m in, I’m in for the whole run, even if the quality declines.
 Yeah. Exactly. You know, I waited ten years to see a guy everyone knows can fly, fly.
 Oh, not just date night, our fifth anniversary.
 If that happens, don’t make me wait ten years to watch you eat a tin can.
 No, and I’m confused. It’s been nearly 24 hours. Amy should have figured out she’s wrong by now.
 Too slow?
 That’s right. It’s called foreplay. And I could make the case that you two aren’t moving forward in your relationship.
 Hello.
 But you’ve been engaged for over a year now, and you don’t even have a wedding date.
 Okay.
 Okay. If you say so.
 Okay.
 Yeah, shut up, Sheldon.
 Things are good right now.
 Outdoor? Oh. I can RSVP no right now.
 Seriously? Airborne worms?
 You still didn’t pick a date.
 I’m sorry I’ve upset you. I shouldn’t have asked so many questions.
 Well, look at that, even when I’m causing problems, I make the world a better place. Hey, next, why don’t we tackle your penchant for whining and Penny’s love of the ol’ glug-glug?
 Ah, well, very well. So does this mean you’ll finally pick a wedding date?
 So you’re never getting married? It’s his whining, isn’t it?
 It’s amusing that he doesn’t hear it.
 My aunt and uncle were married 63 years. Towards the end, it was like watching cheese melt.
 After all these years. I’m really happy for the two of you.
 Now get out of my spot.
 Hello. Listen, I’ve been thinking a lot about relationships and how difficult they can be, and I think…
 Strongly disagree. Go on.
 Oh.
 Okay.
 Well, Gollum, you’re an expert on rings. What do I do with this one?

