Howie? Howie?
 I can. How are you?
 Good for you. I just had a seemingly endless dinner with your mom.
 It was. Until I found out you never told her we’re not gonna live with her. Let’s talk about that for a minute.
 You said you told her, but you never did!
 How clear is the image of me on that screen?
 Do I look like I feel better?
 Listen, mister, you’re gonna talk to your mother and you’re gonna fix this, or that thing I said I was gonna do to you the minute you got home, you can do to yourself.
 Aw, that’s such good news, Howie. Thank you for telling her.
 Was she upset?
 Thanks for fixing it. I love you.
 Good night, Rocket Man.
 And the next wedding gift is a gravy boat.
 In the event of a divorce, please return to Sheldon Cooper.
 So, you actually see you and Sheldon getting married someday?
 What about you, Penny?
 Do you think you and Leonard might ever get married?
 But do you think you’ll ever get married?
 It doesn’t sound like it.
 Do you tell him that?
 Are you gonna break up with him?
 I had no idea you were unhappy.
 Oh, that’s not really a fair comparison. I’m basically married to a sexy Buzz Lightyear.
 There’s my hubby. How’s everything going up there?
 What’s wrong?
 Howard.
 No, what are they doing?
 Oh, Howie.
 Why don’t you stand up to them?
 I don’t know. Say, being mean is lame, what’s cool is being nice.
 Do you want me to call somebody at NASA?
 Oh, sure, you had no choice.
 Don’t worry. You’ll have plenty of chances to break up with him. Your wedding day, your honeymoon, your 50th anniversary.
 Oh, Howie.
 Nope, this is my proud face.
 Hey, how’s my little astronautie hottie?
 Well, hang in there. You just have a couple more days to go, and then you’ll be home.
 I got to get back to work. I love you.
 What do you want me to do?
 Really, you’re serious? Okay.
 Hey, I wasn’t expecting to hear from you today. Everything okay?
 What’s wrong?
 Uh-huh.
 Come on, Howard. No one’s leaving you up there.
 You’re going to be fine. You survived that Weight Watchers cruise with your mom. And they ran out of low-fat ice cream on day two. Just calm down and take a few deep breaths.
 How you doing, Howie? You feeling a little better?
 Okay.
 Howie, honey, maybe you should talk to someone, let them know you’re having a little anxiety.
 Hey, Howie, how you feeling?
 Howie, stop that. NASA’s watching this! Put your pants back on!
 Waiting for my husband.
 He’s coming back from outer space.
 No, I mean, he… Never mind. There he is! Howie!
 I missed you so much.
 Oh, it’s just me.
 No, I told them they could have you tomorrow night. Tonight, you belong to me.
 I am now that you’re back. Come on, let’s go home so I can tear off those little pants.
 Yeah, I’ll be right there. 
 It’s just allergies.
 Took some Benadryl. I’ll be fine. So, did you miss me?
 Ew. Excuse me.
 Yes, we do. You left right after we got married. This is like our honeymoon. Now, hold on to your hat. Oh. Uh-oh.
 A little dizzy. Must be the Benadryl. Switch places with me.
 Now, kiss me. 
 That was amazing. You made me feel things I never… 
 I thought you liked Halloween.
 Like my husband?
 Nice try, but you have to go to that party because we’re going.
 Leonard does thing he doesn’t like to make you happy.
 I just think in relationships you get back what you put into them.
 You could start by taking an interest in his work.
 He’s an experimental physicist.
 Yeah, you mentioned it once or twice.
 Okay, we need to talk.
 Howie, I know you went to space. I’m incredibly proud of you. But you might want to try and not bring it up every minute.
 Tonight at dinner you went on bout it for an hour straight.
 I’m just saying, people are getting a little tired of it.
 Of course you can. But maybe a good rule would be to wait for people to bring it up.
 I love you.
 How do I look?
 Uh-oh, is someone a little blue? Come on, Howie, that’s like the funniest thing I’ve ever said in my life. What do you say? You ready to go?
 What are you talking about? It’ll be fun. All your friends’ll be there.
 No, if I’m there alone, people might think I’m just a really short person from Avatar.
 Hey, I just spent the last three hours colouring myself blue. I’m gonna be washing paint out of my Smurf for a month.
 Yeah, well, now you’re a Smurf. Keep walking.
 Thanks, so do you. Slutty cop?
 And Albert Einstein?
 Whoa, Drinky Smurf. Can I talk to you for a second?
 You, out! You are being very rude.
 Me? What did I do?
 I don’t sound like that.
 I’m always on your side.
 Just what?
 Plain old Howard Wolowitz is the best guy I know.
 No, I’m not. I married him. On purpose. Come here.
 I love you, too.
 Hey, what you watching?
 So, I was taking a shower this morning, and when I got out, I started to dry off with what I thought was a towel but turned out to be Howard’s mom’s underwear. I had to take another shower. It wasn’t enough. Nothing will ever be enough.
 There’s a book under here.
 I got it.
 I got it. Why do you have a history textbook?
 That’s great. I didn’t know you wanted to go back to school.
 Why would you be embarrassed to tell us?
 I just can’t believe you could keep something like that from him.
 Good.
 Got it.
 Uh, but we got you a B-minus on purpose to make it believable.
 No, no!
 Yeah, doing the prom queen’s homework so she’ll like us.
 Every time we eat dinner here, your mother refuses to let me help with the dishes.
 You ready to go?
 I don’t understand why you keep your stuff here when there’s plenty of room at home.
 50 cents sounds right. Let’s go.
 Because we don’t live here.
 Do you? You said when you got back from space you were gonna move into my apartment, but half the time we stay here.
 Thank you.
 Or in the closet. We can decide later.
 Kitchen slammed again?
 So, is there anything I can do to help you with the move tomorrow?
 What’s your excuse this time?
 That might be a little more convincing if you didn’t have a mouthful of bacon cheeseburger.
 Howie, you promised you’d move.
 I’m starting to think you’re right.
 I know this wasn’t easy. You doing okay?
 Aw, she’ll be okay. She’s a grown woman.
 That’s a lot for a kid to deal with.
 She’s lucky you were there.
 Aw, crap. Let’s go.
 Grab a box. We’ll sleep at your mother’s place tonight.
 Well, you should’ve thought of that before you told me the stupid magic trick story.
 No husband of mine is gonna break his mother’s heart!
 We’re so proud of you, Amy. Your first bikini wax.
 Really? Only five?
 Okay. So, did you spend last night hearing about this silly parking space fight, too?
 Howard was so angry I had to mash up Benadryl in his ice cream to get him to fall asleep.
 I’m really sorry they took Sheldon’s spot away. He shouldn’t have to suffer just because Howard’s such a big deal now.
 What’s that supposed to mean?
 You’re right. And I’m sure Sheldon will get a fancy parking spot again, if and when he makes a worthwhile contribution to science.
 Hang on. None of Sheldon’s theories have ever been definitively proven. My husband actually went to outer space.
 Gosh, Amy. I’m sensing a little hostility. Is it maybe because, like Sheldon’s work, your sex life is also theoretical?
 I don’t have to take this. I’m gonna go home and have sex with my husband right now. Maybe I’ll let him do it to me in the parking spot. Which sounds dirty, but I didn’t mean it that way,
 What can I tell ya? She’s a big girl. Wherever you look, there she is. More coffee?
 He’s not here. What’s wrong?
 Oh, no. Where was it parked?
 That doesn’t make sense. Sheldon doesn’t have a spot. Was it maybe in Howard’s spot?
 Well, that doesn’t make sense, either.
 Because I’m the one who had it towed.
 Didn’t see that one coming, did ya?
 Are you okay?!
 Don’t move. I’ll get some ice.
 Here.
 Amy, you think maybe this has gotten a little out of hand?
 You hit her! What did I do?
 You were parked in Howard’s spot.
 Sheldon doesn’t have a spot.
 Okay, let’s go.
 The tow truck didn’t scratch your car.
 Because I did it!
 You know, I’m kind of glad this happened.
 I just put it in. It’s gonna be a while.
 You could die.
 So, Dad, have you done any fishing lately?
 Hey, Dad, maybe you could take Howard fishing sometime. Give you guys a chance to get to know each other better.
 Howie, I think you’d have fun.
 Terrific. My two favorite fellas gone fishin’.
 What thing?
 Oh, that thing. No, I cancelled that thing.
 How’s the poor thing?
 Okay, Amy, I brought you some drugs we were working on in the lab. This is proving really good for congestion, but there’s a slight chance it can make your tears burn like acid, so if you take it, happy thoughts.
 This is a really good expectorant. Although some test subjects reported lactating uncontrollably when they heard music.
 I don’t understand.
 So you’ve just been lying to him?
 I don’t mean to be judgy, but this is the kind of thing lunatics do.
 Saturday night? But I’ve been working late all week. That was gonna be our night.
 You’re an idiot.
 Sorry, Raj, it’s girls’ night out.
 No!
 Hey, let’s help Raj meet a girl tonight.
 Yeah, you’re a real catch. I know you’re shy, but that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t have someone wonderful in your life.
 We’ll nose around, see if we can find a nice girl, and then introduce you.
 Bottom line, you’ll take any woman who’ll have you, right?
 Looks like he’s doing pretty good.
 Oh, here he comes.
 Jennifer at not-even-if-you-were-the-last-guy-on-earth dot loser.
 I’m sorry, Raj.
 Why would you say that?
 Think harder.
 Sometimes the pancreas wants what the pancreas wants.
 Who’s involved?
 I’m sure you’ve got nothing to worry about. Leonard would never cheat on you.
 Well, Alex is your employee. If she’s doing something that’s making Leonard uncomfortable, you should talk to her.
 Sheldon, you need to talk to Alex right away.
 Why?
 He’s not exhausting at all.
 It’s cute how excited they are. You should have seen Howard sewing his costume all week for the convention.
 When he was a little boy, every couple months, he would have to let his mom’s pants out.
 I don’t mind it. I think Howie’s just in touch with his inner child. Although when he comes to bed in his Batman pyjamas, sometimes it feels like I’m touching his inner child.
 I’ve never even read a comic book. You guys?
 I mean, it’s such an important part of their lives. Maybe we should try reading some.
 The comic book store isn’t far from here.
 Why are they staring?
 We were looking for a recommendation about comic books.
 What kind of comics do the guys like?
 I don’t know, there were a lot of pictures, and one page only had the word brakkadoom!
 So, what’d you guys think?
 It’s crazy, they spend hours arguing about things that don’t even exist.
 I don’t think it’s heavy. It’s some sort of magic, so only Thor can lift it.
 No.
 Let’s read it again.
 You want some tea?
 Hold on, who decides who’s worthy? Does the hammer decide?
 Leonard and Sheldon have boxes of comics across the hall. Why don’t we go look at those?
 Well, what if the Hulk picked up Thor while Thor is holding the hammer?
 Then by the transitive property of picking things up, Hulk picked up the hammer.
 No, it’s not!
 Then Red Hulk must be worthy.
 You don’t know his life.
 What?
 Oh, my God. That’s so cute. I didn’t think there could be a smaller version of you.
 Oh, Howie, I love these.
 Were they expensive?
 How?
 $5,000 for a couple of dolls? Are you out of your mind?
 At any point, did it dawn on you to talk to me about spending this kind of money?
 I don’t believe you. Howie, we can’t afford to waste money on junk like this.
 I make plenty of money. You make peanuts.
 No, here’s how love works. You’re gonna return the machine, or you can print out a working set of lady parts and sleep with those. Oh, my God! Are you actually thinking about it?
 Oh, thanks.
 Those Chinese acrobats in Cirque du Soleil made it look so easy.
 If you could bend that far, you’d be doing us both a favour.
 Should we go back and rescue him?
 Yeah, fill her up. I’ll tell you when to stop.
 Oh, bite me.
 Maybe if you did what you said you were going to do, I’d tell you.
 I’ve been working late every night. All I asked was that he clean the apartment and do one load of laundry. But did he do it? No. He just kept on playing that stupid game. You like pushing buttons so much, try pushing them on the washing machine.
 Sorry doesn’t clean my underpants, buddy.
 And I told you to bite me.
 Uh-oh.
 They do look happy.
 You know, compared to them, I’m feeling pretty good about us.
 Thank you.
 Love you, too.
 Where you’d never look.
 Geez, how close were you guys before we got married?
 Did something good happen?
 It smells pretty ripe in here. You kind feel it in your eyes.
 Oh, you poor baby.
 Guys, we’re trying to get him out of here, not you in.
 We could go to Red Lobster and talk about it. We’re all thinking it. I just had the decency to wait for him to leave.
 Why don’t you take her to Disneyland? You go on Space Mountain, you’re in the dark, she’s holding onto you.
 Weekends are too crowded.
 Joke?
 So, what do you say? This Friday we ditch work and go to Disneyland?
 Let’s think.
 What did you tell your boss?
 Penny, what did you say?
 I don’t know about you guys, but I’m gonna make a beeline for the place that gives you a princess makeover.
 Okay, so, you pick your princess, Sleeping Beauty, Snow White, Cinderella, they give you hair, makeup, the works.
 We can’t all be Cinderella.
 Well, it’s simple. This was my idea. I’m driving. I’m Cinderella. You bitches got a problem with that, we could stop the car right now.
 And I’m Dr. Rostenkowski Wolowitz, and I’m a microbiologist.
 That’s true. Every one of you has the capacity to be anything you want to be.
 Come at me. See what happens.
 Yes, and I have a surprise for you.
 Well, hello, Prince Charming.
 What you doing?
 You can’t just throw everything in the closet.
 What if someone looks in there?
 Well, you don’t know that. What if someone’s looking for the bathroom and they open that door?
 Fine. But after tonight we need to get a handle on this mess.
 Why?
 He’s our guest, we can’t just ask him to straighten our closet.
Hi.
 Thanks. And, Sheldon, I know tonight’s the night you eat Thai food, so I went to the Asian market, got all the ingredients and made it from scratch.
 Oh, it’s my pleasure.
 You stopped and got him takeout?
 Sheldon, I’ve been cooking all day.
 Show him the closet.
 That’s the takeout that Sheldon brought.
 Oh, my God, it’s beautiful. Look, he found the juggling pins I hid.
 Howard, don’t you want to know what’s in the letter?
 Howie, you okay?
 Told you you shouldn’t have espresso after dinner. I know the little cups make you feel big, but it’s not worth it.
 Did you read it?
 You must be curious.
 Why don’t you read it? Maybe he apologizes or explains why he left.
 I get that. So, what do you want to do with it?
 Really? Are you sure?
 Feel better?
 Yeah, just seeing that letter really freaked him out. And he was already having a tough day because he accidentally wore my pants to work. I don’t know why he was upset. They were bigger on him than me.
 Me, too, but I guess now we’ll never know.
 I can’t do that. What kind of wife would I be if I didn’t respect my husband’s privacy?
 That works.
 Yeah, try doing it in heels.
 Wait. There’s something I have to tell you.
 I know what was in your dad’s letter.
 I made him tell us.
 I’m sorry.
 Howard?
 I’m sorry. I should have left it alone.
 What are you looking at?
 That’s nice.
 Think you could take a break?
 Got a little surprise for you. Come on.
 Sit down, honey.
 Inside the envelope was a picture of your dad holding you the day you were born. On the back he wrote Howard, my son, my greatest gift. You okay?
 Sheldon, don’t you dare.
 That’s more like it.
 Glad you’re feeling better.
 I think that’s enough wine for now.
 I’m gonna make some coffee.
 Walk.
 Well, there was action, it was funny. I mean, you do get that usually the monster chases the pretty girl, but this time the pretty girl chases the monsters?
 Why does this bother you so much?
 Well, sure. I’m pretty passionate about science. I remember the first time I looked through a microscope and saw millions of tiny microorganisms. It was like a whole other universe. If I wanted to, I could wipe it out with my thumb like a god.
 Well, there’s no reason you can’t.
 Absolutely. All we need to do is spend a little time and find something you’re passionate about.
 Yeah, you two were so cute playing together.
 And you were sweet not to throw it too far so she didn’t wear out her tiny legs.
 You know, there were a few moments today when I almost felt like we were a little family.
 Yeah. I never thought of myself as a mom, but when the three of us were out there having fun, I felt like maybe someday we could do it.
 Where’d she go?
 Well, you were the one who was supposed to put her back in the stroller.
 No, I wasn’t.
 Yeah, well, you throw like a girl.
 Cinnamon!
 You know, maybe she doesn’t recognize her name because of Raj’s accent.
 Cinnamon. Where are you, my little lamb chop?
 Thanks.
 It turns you on when I sound like Raj?
 Can’t believe we lost her. What was I thinking? I’d be a terrible mom.
 It’s fine. Where’d you get that picture of her?
 Oh, thank God she’s okay.
 Hang on, you’ve had her for hours?
 So you knew she was okay, and you couldn’t pick up the phone to tell us?
 Don’t well me, mister. We’ve been worried sick. She could have been dead for all we knew. You should be ashamed of yourself.
 Sorry’s not good enough. Maybe you need to take some time and think about what you’ve done.
 Burbank Airport, please.
 No husbands, no boyfriends, no rules.
 Fine. No husbands, no boyfriends, some rules.
 I got a sexy new tube top that says come hither, and a can of pepper spray that says close enough, Jack.
 That’s an excellent question. Amy?
 Long story short, she’s on the No Fly List and we might have been followed here by a drone.
 I say we attack the big one.
 Come on, mama wants a pair of dead ogres.
 This may be the potion talking, but you are one fine-ass dungeon master.
 Ooh! Come on, back me up here.
 Ooh!
 Okay, I cast a love spell on Sheldon and Amy.
 You know, one of the things that helped me get through Howard being in space for so long was getting married before he left.
 Hey, you don’t think I’m pretty enough to scare your girlfriend?
 So, have you ever spent a long time on a boat before?
 Are you referring to the time we got stuck on the Small World ride at Disneyland?
 What’s going on?

