 It was like a snowy nightmare from which there was no awakening.
 Yeah, it was first come, first served.
 Thanks.
 We have to tell him.
 It’s not about that.
 For me, it was a bonding moment.
 I thought we were going to be gentle with him.
 He just went colon, capital O.
 It was the only way to keep you from being such a huge Dickensian. You see that? I added the ensian.
 I like the new look.
 I call it the Mario and Luigi, but whatever. Hey, how’s Sheldondon doing?
 I feel bad for the guy.
 Well, we’ll always have the night the heat went out.
 Boy, you cannot catch a break, can you?
 I’m sorry, this does not look like Texas. Where’s the tumbleweeds? Where’s the saloons?
 Yeah, like in the movies I saw growing up in India. You know, uh, Four for Texas, Yellow Rose of Texas.
 I was really hoping to see a cattle drive.
 To what? Toy Story?
 Give it up, dude, you’re arguing with a crazy person.
 Yeah, but since you and Pennyy finally hooked up, we thought you two would be having bouncy naked yum-yum night.
 Yeah, take advantage of that window of opportunity before it slams shut on your little dinky.
 Okay, who had Leonardard gets a floppy disk?
 Just fine? Oh, dude, the fourth Harry Potter movie was just fine.
 Oh, yeah.
 Disappointed? Let down?
 That’s because in your dreams you’re a horse from the waist down.
 Yeah, you…
 Whatever, dude. The point is, Leonardard’s got one and you don’t.
 What’s that?
 How do you know what the exact temperature of the room is?
 Oh, dude, you are never getting a shiksa goddess.
 Chickens can’t climb trees
 Great. Now how are you going to settle it, hmm? There is no way to determine the species of the cricket without examining it.
 I wonder what the non-pathetic people are doing tonight.
 Hallway. 
 My stomach. Indian food doesn’t agree with me. Ironic, isn’t it?
 Ooh, big talk from a man who was once treed by a chicken.
 Be careful.
 Stairwell.
 Ugh, Toby, what did you do in a past life to be so disgusting now?
 What would you name him?
 Oh, I really don’t care anymore
 What happened?
 Holy crap. It’s like Silence of the Lambs down here. Don’t do that!
 Yeah, well, I don’t like bugs, okay? They freak me out.
 Ask rhetorical questions that make people uncomfortable?
 I’m from New Delhi. Maybe you should find another entomologist.
 Enjoy Oxnard. I’m sure your daughter’s looking forward to having you.
 I think we’re fitting in quite nicely.
 Oh, what’s so gothic about vodka and cranberry juice?
 No, I’m behind on my wiki-reading I’m kind of on a John Grisham kick right now.
 Well, I finished reading The Pelican Brief and loved it so much, I dived right into The Client. He was a lawyer himself so his novels are accurate as well as entertaining.
 Great. Lost boys, children of the night. Got it. Can you pass the Chex mix, please. Thank you. We are lost boys.
 Light beers? Well, Wiki-how about that?
 Raj.
 Yes, very nice.
 Do either of you ladies enjoy the novels of John Grisham?
 Goth food.
 Uh… blackened salmon?
 Oh, we’re scientists.
 Well, I am an astrophysicist and a lot of that takes place at night. When there are vampires and miscellaneous undead out and about.
 That sounds really cool.
 So what do you gals do?
 Yeah, I’ve been there as well. I like your tee-shirts with the little pocket.
 Sure, we like fun.
 Dark and fun.
 In my fanny pack.
 Are you happy now?
 Are you seriously going to deface your body just for the possibility you could have cheap sex with a strange girl you met in a bar?
 What is your mother going to say?
 With my luck, hepatitis
 We’re both frauds.
 But I was summing up.
 Very, very smart guys.
 When we tell this story, let’s end it differently.
 I like it, I like it. Did they smell good despite their gothlike nature?
 Engaging my olfactory sense helps make it real for me.
 Oh, they did. Like jasmine and honeysuckle.
 And then they held hands and did a sexy, demonic hokey-pokey for us.
 I’m sorry. Go on.
 But we don’t have tattoos. What if someone asks to see our tattoos?
 Oh, we are bad boys, aren’t we?
 But we just got tattoos. Wouldn’t we be concerned about bacterial infection?
 Wow. What a great night.
 Yeah, maybe we’ll get lucky with some sexy cowgirls.
 I wonder how they smell.
 Sorry. I lost my cool.
 Okay, here’s the deal, six months ago, my research testing the predicted composition of trans-Neptunian objects ran into a dead end.
 So, my visa’s only good as long as I’m employed at the university, and when they find out I’ve got squat, they’re going to cut me off. By the way, when I say squat, I mean diddly-squat. I wish I had squat.
 You know, checking e-mail, updating my facebook status, messing up wikipedia entries. Hey, did you know Netflix lets you stream movies on your computer now?
 I don’t want to go back to India. It’s hot and loud, and there’s so many people. You have no idea, they’re everywhere.
 Oh, beef, I’m going to miss you so much. Do you know, at the Mumbai McDonald’s, you can’t get a Big Mac? All you can get is a Chicken Maharaja Mac. And the special sauce, curry, which, in India, believe you me, is really not that special.
 Yeah let me start practicing for it. Do you want fries with that Maharaja Mac?”
 Hello Sheldondon.
 I’m sad.
 What are you eating?
 Oh, beefaroni. I think I’ll miss you most of all.
 We believe cows are gods.
 Do not tell me about my own culture, Sheldondon! In the mood I’m in, I’ll take you out, I swear to cow!
 Me, too. I’m just, I’m a little on edge.
 Thank you.
 You, you’re kidding. That’s fantastic!
 I’m on it.
 No, no, it’s a very promising area. In a perfect world I’d spend several more years on it. But I just couldn’t pass up the opportunity to work with you on your tremendously exciting and not yet conclusively disproved hypothesis.
 It’s a little early, isn’t it?
 That’s very good. Jolly amusing, but if you don’t mind, I’ll hold off until sunset on titan.
 Thank you, sir.
 Well, I ran a simulation that allowed me to correct for the observational efficiency.
 Thank you. Would you like to hear more about it in my hot tub? So, when do I start?
 You know, he’s British, I’m Indian, ever since Gandhi they haven’t liked us very much.
 That’s okay. A complaint has been filed. So, that’s it. That was my last hope. I’m going to be deported, sent home in disgrace, exposed to the sardonic barbs of my cousin Sanjay. Or, as you may know him, Dave from AT&T customer service.
 Will you come visit me in India?
 Halfway is 600 miles off the coast of Japan.
 No.
 You want me to work with you?
 Okay, uh, please don’t take this the wrong way, but I’d rather swim buck-naked across the Ganges with a paper cut on my nipple and die a slow, agonizing death from a viral infection than work with you.
 Sheldondon, are you busy?
 Shall I wait?
 I’ve reconsidered your offer to let me work with you.
 Yes, for you. I do, however, have a few conditions. First, at all times, I am to be treated as a colleague and an equal. Second, my contributions shall be noted in all published material. And third, you are never allowed to lecture me on Hinduism or my Indian culture.
 Thank you.
 Then you leave me no choice. I accept the job.
 Wha… You’re kidding!
 All right.
 Come on, dude, we’ve been friends for years.
 Sheldondon, for God’s sakes, don’t make me beg.
 Ooh, dark matter. We better bring a flashlight. I was making a joke.
 Sorry, go ahead and make your joke.
 All right, let’s buckle down and work.
 Sheldondon.
 I need an aspirin.
 Thank you.
 Yes.
 No, no, no, no! That rate is much too low for what we’d expect from this collision. Do you understand that we’re talking about dark matter colliding in outer space?
 I’m the astrophysicist. Astro means space.
 Okay, well, let me just tell you, if we were having this argument in my native language, I’d be kicking your butt.
 Okay, you got me there, but you’re wrong about this!
 My god, you think that every thought that comes out of your head is pure gold. Well, let me tell you something. Some of those thoughts are pure caca.
 It means doo-doo.
 Aha! So I am working with you.
 Ah, well, in this context…
 Okay. Here’s where we derive the mass of the dark matter particle.
 Let me finish.
 I’m not defacing it, I’m fixing it.
 No.
 Come and get it.
 You are not my superior.
 Oh, yeah? Can you do this? Nice working with you. I’m sorry, for you. 
 I’m busy.
 What do you want, Sheldondon?
 So you were wrong.
 That’s the only logical inference.
 For you or with you?
 All right, but I have some conditions.
 I’ll take the job. See you Monday.
 How did you get here?
 So walk home.
 All right. 
 Nobody can.
 Hey, how come I wasn’t part of this deal?
 Oh, so that’s how it works? I have a teeny bladder and now I don’t get a hot girlfriend?
 Damn.
 It’s true. I’ve seen him at the beach, he’s like a human chicken wing.
 Hey, Sheldondon, guess what I heard today?
 Why don’t I just tell you what I heard today.
 Saturday night at the comic book store, they’re having a Mystic Warlords of Ka-ah tournament. First prize is five hundred dollars. If we team up, we’d be unstoppable.
 What about the money?
 But this is other money.
 Half of it will be mine.
 Leonardard, help.
 Hey, Stuartrt, is the Wil Wheaton signed up for the mystic warlords tournament THE Wil Wheaton from Star Trek?
 Oh, what a coincidence. Maybe you can discuss that with him while you’re playing in the tournament. Sign here.
 Ooh, it’ll be like a reunion then. Sign here.
 Okay, great, you can tell him you hate him. Sign here.
 Okay, I get it, he’s a bad guy. Sign here.
 No doubt, sign here.
 Sheldondon, it’s your play. Sheldondon.
 Sorry, boys. Say hi to your mother when she picks you up. Or I could just tell her later tonight! We pwned them, dude! Up top!
 You know you keep quoting Wrath of Khan, but he was in next generation. It’s a totally different set of characters.
 Well, if Wil Wheaton and Stuartrt win their match and we beat lonely Larry and Captain Sweatpants in the next round, we’ll face off for the championship.
 Dude, you have to stop talking like that. It’s really lame.
 Lava serpent.
 Problem, Wil Wheaton?
 Okay, great, everybody loves their grandmas! Now, come on, Sheldondon, finish him off!
 What are you waiting for? Kill Wil Wheaton! From hell’s heart, stab at him!
 Sure you can. Do it! Do it!
 No! Not enchanted bunny!
 Kites ho!
 Kites, ho!
 Leonardard just realized that Pennyy’s been hiding him from her friends because he’s a tiny, little man who flies kites.
 Oh, they think we’re flanking, they’re playing right into our hands. On the count of three, we execute the flying scissor. One, two…
 See what?
 No, she didn’t.
 Come on, scissors, scissors!
 Wait, what are you doing? I can’t scissors by myself! Howardrd! Come back!
 Son of a bitch.
 You’re a sucky friend, you know that? A sucky, sucky friend.
 If she gave you any look at l. It was a you suck look.
 Oh, please, you weigh 80 pounds. You don’t have a hammy.
 You always do this, you know? You ditch me for a woman you don’t have a shot with.
 With a woman you were chasing through a park? That’s not a shot, that’s a felony. What’s worse, it cost me my prized Patang fighting kite. Sheldondon, I don’t suppose there’s any chance you could give me my kite back?
 Really? The only thing I’ve learned in the last two hours is that American men love drinking beer, pee too often and have trouble getting erections.
 I’m just saying, maybe if you people cut back on the beer, you could get out of the bathroom and satisfy your women without pharmaceutical help.
 I’m sorry, are you under the impression that we’re still friends?
 It’s not just the kite thing. Every time we go some place, you think you can just dump me whenever someone prettier comes along, even though you don’t have a shot with them.
 Fine. Paint green flames on your little scooter with her. 
 It’s open.
 What do you want?
 The kite you made me lose was an authentic Patang, an Indian fighting kite that my brother sent to me from New Delhi. It took me a day to put together and two days to paint. This is Hello Kitty.
 Wow, you just don’t get it, do you? Buying me something pretty isn’t going to make our problem just go away.
 You’ve been a sucky friend, a sucky, sucky friend.
 And you do it all the time. Last week in the mall at Radio Shack, we were looking for a phone with giant numbers for your mother, and I suddenly realize you’re not even there.
 And where were you?
 You’re impossible.
 Excuse me, I have selective mutism, a recognized medical disorder. You’re just a douche.
 No, I’m mad at you. I hate myself, but I’m mad at you.
 I don’t know.
 I… I do enjoy the La Brea Tar Pits.
 Oh, why can’t I stay mad at you?
 I really like my saber-toothed cat. Thank you.
 I’d like that. This is turning out to be a perfect Saturday.
 Fine. Go ahead.
 If you want to chase after her, chase after her.
 Don’t put yourself down. You’re a very attractive man.
 Yeah. Absolutely. It wouldn’t kill you to take a Pilates class with me now and then, but you have a certain wiry appeal.
 Actually, in this case, I think she was.
 Yeah.
 What a douche.
 Oh, dude, I wish you had said something before I pounded that last Red Bull.
 Well, that was rather unpleasant.
 Well, excuse me, I don’t think Pennyy’s out of line at all. You don’t own her. It’s like my girl, Beyonce says, if you like it, you shoulda put a ring on it.”
 You mean like when a guy’s upset because his friend agreed to take a cooking class with him and then doesn’t show up because he’s doing a juice fast with his mother?
 Really! Did you miss all the subtle indicators, like me saying, Howardrd, I am upset.
 Maybe it means something different in this country. Back in India, it means you’re upset with a guy named Howardrd!
 Sorry doesn’t make up for the fact that I had to make chicken and rice with this vegan guy. Do you know what vegan chicken and rice is? Rice!
 Oh, my God, you are such a mama’s boy.
 You brought your mother into this!
 Oh, sure, you can tell when Sheldondon’s upset.
 Stop knocking! It’s open! Please tell my parents that our dark matter research is at a critical juncture, and I can’t come home for my cousin Sanjay’s wedding.
 I didn’t ask you to set me up with Lakshmi.
 I don’t care! And why don’t you think I can find a woman for myself?
 Oh, that is completely below the belt. Sheldondon, tell my parents that Howardrd and I are just friends. Sheldondon? Howardrd and I are just friends! Fine. I’ll come home for Sanjay’s wedding.
 Okay, our position is 34.48 degrees north, 118.31 west. That means the azimuth should be 168.22 degrees relative to magnetic north with an elevation of 49.93.
 We did it. We have the west coast feed of HBO.
 Big deal. Every time I watch that show it’s old women putting condoms on cucumbers.
 Not a great movie, but look at that beautiful desert.
 Yes, it’s not the same without him. 
 Yeah, that would have been great. You and Pennyy having sex in the tent while I sit out here and watch Howardrd hump a cactus.
 Wow. Wonderful. How old are they?
 Oh, menopause, nature’s birth control.
 Yeah, me, too.
 So, what are we waiting for?
 Good idea. They’ll be refreshed.
 Yeah, thank you. Mmmm.
 Yeah, very tasty. Well, so tell me more about these teachers.
 Huh. Mmm. Good cookies.
 That’s beautiful, dude. You should… You should write that down before someone steals it.
 The meteors don’t get here, the earth is moving into their path.
 Okay, how’s that?
 It’s your American accent. Everything you say sounds stupid. Stars are pretty, aren’t they?
 If I could speak the language of rabbits, they would be amazed, and I would be their king.
 I would be kind to my rabbit subjects. At first.
 One day, I hold a great ball for the President of France, but the rabbits, they hate me and don’t come. I am embarrassed, so I eat all the lettuce in the world and make them watch.
 Right! That was so good! Sweety and meaty at the same time.
 I know they’re poison, but they look like big, yummy otter pops.
 Oh, I’m so hungry!
 He’s right.
 Me, too. But what? 
 Yes!
 …And the next morning when he woke up, he rolled over and realized… duh-duh-duh! …she was his cousin.
 That’s still not funny.
 And she was my second cousin.
 Who cares? You slept with your cousin.
 Actually, I’ve never had three dates with the same woman.
 I was on the radio once. I called in to Fever 104 FM New Delhi and was the fourth person to say the phrase that pays, “Fever 104, ?? ?? ??? ????? ????? ?? ??.” That means  “Fever 104, home of the really good current music.” It’s much catchier in Hindi.
 In fact, it’s better if you don’t, otherwise it makes the rest of us look bad.
 We represent the Lollipop Guild, and we want you.
 I thought it was funny.
 You laughed.
 You can’t sink. With all that helium in you, you’re lucky you don’t float away.
 I don’t think that’s possible, dude.
 I didn’t come to help, I came to mock.
 That’s true. He didn’t just stay there and talk about his feelings with the other psychotic villains. He, he broke out and poisoned Gotham’s water supply.
 What’s this?
 Foamy vengeance.
 Oh, Sheldondon, you remind me of a young Lex Luthor.
 Here comes Kripke!
 I believe that’s the president of the university.
 Well, how could you not put in an abort?
 Wow. Looks like the Ganges on laundry day.
 Well, I’m going back to India. What’s your plan?
 Ha! Eat my dust, racially stereotypical plumber.
 And a cow and a penguin. Face it dude, whether it’s a real car or a virtual cartoon car, you can’t drive.
 What you need is cheat codes, motor skills and a magic genie who grants wishes to little boys who suck at Mario Kart.
 Namaste, white people. Good news! I rented us the four-hour edition of Watchmen.
 Well, then what are we going to do tonight?
 Great. They get girlfriends, and they just abandon us?
 We do?
 I don’t want to do that.
 What about me?
 Dude, there’s so many cool things we could be doing tonight. Look. At the Glendale Galleria, put on your best zoot suit, it’s a salute to Swing music in the center court near Macy’s. 5pm to 9pm, huh, huh? A salute to zoot. Sounds like a hoot.
 Race riots?
 Oh. I always thought that was some sort of after-Christmas sale. Well, then why don’t we just go to the galleria and walk around?
 No. We would just walk around and see what’s what.
 Okay, well, how about this? From the university Web site, 7pm to 10pm, Norton Hall Multipurpose Room, mixer for grad students and faculty of the science and humanities departments. Whether you split atoms or infinitives, this is the place to be.
 Come on, Sheldondon, the world is filled with people doing things outside. Let’s go outside. Outside is good.
 I don’t know, it’s a marketing scheme. Please, Sheldondon, I’m a young, virile visitor from a foreign land and I need to strut my stuff.
 Oh, boy.
 I don’t want to go to Flatland.
 Oy.
 Sheldondon, I’m begging you. I want to go to this mixer, and I don’t want to go alone.
 What?
 Thanks for coming with me.
 Did you really have to bring it in with you?
 Come on, let’s get a drink.
 Yeah, well I do. And when my wingman is carrying a Green Lantern lantern, I drink a lot. I’ll have a screwdriver, please. Don’t be chintzy with the screw.
 Sheldondon, they don’t have ice cream.
 He’ll have a Shirley Temple.
 Okay, let’s check out the females.
 That’s Professor Wilkinson’s wife, she’s like 80 years old.
 No. I’m looking for a hookup.
 Not so loud, but ideally, yes. Thanks.
 You help me run my game.
 How do you do? Rajesh Ramayan Koothrappali. Call me Raj.
 The mysterious subcontinent of India.
 You know India?
 Well, I’m a slumdog astrophysicist.
 Hello.
 What was that?
 ?? ?? ???????? ??? ?????. That’s Hindi for whatever floats your boat. Uh, listen, I got a text from that girl Abby, and she and her friend Martha want to hang out with us again. What do you say?
 I don’t get it. You had a great time.
 Please, Sheldondon, I’m a lost Indian boy far from home, and I want a girlfriend and I want her to be Abby, and she’ll only come over if she can bring Martha.
 My Incredible Hulk hands signed by Stan Lee.
 So does that mean we can go with the girls again?
 You can’t wear the hands on the date.
 Oh, God! Yes, we get it. You have a girlfriend now.
 No, I’m not jealous. All right, I’d kill a hobo if it’ll get me laid. Now, can we order?
 So?
 Not Tso the chicken, so the question. So?
 No, no, no, no, I think it just means it’s the kind of sauce that mobsters like.
 There’s a 200-watt uninterruptible backup power supply.
 There are independent voice and fingerprint scanners.
 Hey, it’s Disco Night at the Moonlight Roller Rink in Glendale tonight. Who’s up for getting down?
 Great. It’s not like I brought it up because I wanted to go.
 No, it’s okay. I don’t have to go. I’m happy just to guide you and your ladies to suitable entertainment choices. I’m a walking brown Yelp.com.
 Hey, those are my lima beans!
 But if I don’t eat my lima beans, I can’t have my cookie.
 Okay, just to be clear, roller skating was my idea, and I’m very unhappy that you turned it into a double date, and I hope you both fall on your asses and break your coccyxes.
 Screw you. Give me back my lima beans.
 How long can he keep this up?
 He never went back to the university?
 Sheesh.
 But he’s afraid of dogs.
 I’m on a cloud. Swing me. 
 Dude, I’m glad you finally got a girlfriend, but do you have to do all that lovey-dovey stuff in front of those of us who don’t?
 Thank you.
 Me.
 Well, if anyone’s interested, I’ll be spending this Valentine’s Day the same way I spend every Valentine’s Day. Buying a rotisserie chicken from the supermarket, taking it home, standing over the sink and eating it out of the package with my bare hands like an animal.
 Fine, tell us you’re going to have sex with Pennyy.
 It’s okay. I don’t mind hearing about your sex life. It’s his that bugs me.
 The big-boobed weather girl on Channel 2?
 No way, dude!
 Why wouldn’t you take Pennyy?
 Oh. Well, then I anticipate an awkward situation when you get home.
 I know. I saw the Tweet.
 Not much. Nuked a burrito. Prayed to the Hindu god Urvashi that your bowels would loosen and your penis would droop like a willow tree.
 No. Is he still mad about the supercollider?
 What the hell is that?
 You know what? Even though I don’t have a girlfriend, I can still have a good time on Valentine’s Day.
 No, no, no, I’m going to have a me day. First I’m going to go to one of those spas in Koreatown, take a steam and get a massage. Then I’m going to stop at a pet store and get licked by puppies.
 Oh, my goodness, look at this room! Champagne! Roses! Oh, and little chocolates! This is going to be the best Valentine’s Day ever.
 But I never will.
 What? I’m giving myself dramatic entrance music. People will know I’m awesome and to be feared.
 Can’t believe it. We’re going to meet Stan Lee!
 That’s a great idea, I’m going to get him to sign a Batman as well.
 Well, obviously you don’t remember your circumcision.
 I can’t wait to ask Stan Lee why he insists on giving all his characters first and last names that start with the same letter.
 Bruce Banner, Reed Richards, Sue Storm, Stephen Strange, Otto Octavius, Silver Surfer, Peter Parker, oh, and worst of all, J. Jonah Jameson, Jr.
 You called it.
 Mine says, To Raj, from Stan Lee.
 Hey, I didn’t even mention Dum Dum Dugan or Green Goblin, Matt Murdock, Pepper Potts, Victor Von Doom, oh, and worst of all, Millie the Model.
 Fantastic Four, Daredevil, Invincible Iron Man, Happy Hogan, Curt Connors…
 And worst of all, Fin Fang Foom.
 And an Aquaman action figure.
 Huh? That’ll come off.
 It’s even got the Elvish engraving on it.
 One Ring to find them.
 Holy crap, are we nerdy.
 Hold on. Sheldondon, is there ketchup on that table?
 No, that’s okay. I’ll get it.
 Who’s this mysterious buddy you suddenly have?
 Is it Eddie Crispo?
 Who else could it be? It has to be Eddie Crispo.
 Name one.
 Wait, wait. Sheldondon, stop being crazy for a second. How much is something like this worth?
 Your guy Eddie Crispo?
 Okay, that’s a lot of money. The wise thing to do is invest it in something practical. Like a jet ski.
 All the wealthy and beautiful people in movies ride Jet Skis. That can’t just be a coincidence.
 There are no Jewish hobbits.
 Look, let’s be reasonable. We all want to do different things with the ring, but your ideas are stupid, and I want a jet ski.
 Gentlemen, have you come to the realization that the only reasonable course of action is to sell the ring and divide the money?
 I was afraid of that. Go ahead.
 Also my cousin.
 Forget the Jet Skis? That was our line in the sand! What happened to “tear them a new one?”
 You’re useless.
 I’m signing off now.
 It’s all of ours.
 Sure. Let go of the ring.
 Wait, my laptop. 
 There are six seasons, dude.
 No, no, no, the sixth season is great. We go to Paris with Carrie and get our heart broken, and then Mr. Big shows up, we don’t know if we can trust him again. It’s a wild ride.
 Okay, everybody, and plie. And relevae.
 No, he’s doesn’t! He’s lying to you!
 Well, if you want privacy let go of the ring. I’m so glad we came to this gentile strip club! Howardrd, here’s more bacon to tuck into the shiksa’s G-string!
 I think it’s lovely you call your mommy and let her know you’re going to be late for dinner. From what I know about these things, if a woman doesn’t breast-feed on time, it’s very uncomfortable for her boobies.
 If you’re offended, let go of the ring and go on home to your mother’s boobies.
 Why don’t we go after your mother?
 You’re right. Let’s talk about your grandmother.
 Think about this. The only way your mother was born was your Meemaw had sex.
 Yeah, Meemaw did the nasty.
 What?
 It’s, it’s not working, dude.
 Then let go of the ring and go.
 Fine. Um, on the count of three. One, two…
 Three.
 The fires of Mount Doom?
 Well, so then we start the game over until there’s a winner.
 Okay in Avatar when they have sex in Pandora they hook up their ponytails, so we know their ponytails are like their junk.
 So, when they ride horses and fly on the birds, they also use their ponytails.
 My point is, if I were a horse or a bird, I’d be very nervous around James Cameron.
 Well, good for him.
 No.
 Yeah, before the movie, you did 20 minutes on why guacamole turns brown. It turned brown while you were talking.
 Okay, Sheldondon. I’m going to be leading you through a series of meditation exercises. These methods come from the ancient gurus of India and have helped me overcome my own fears.
 True, but thanks to meditation, I am able to stay in the same room with them without urinating. Now, close your eyes.
 What?
 I’m not going to punch you.
 Do you want to do this or not?
 All right. Imagine yourself in the one place you feel most at home. Where is that?
 Okay, you’re in Sheldondonopolis.
 Whatever you like.
 Fine. You’re in Sheldondon Square.
 Then, put on a sweater.
 Yeah, whatever. Just go buy a sweater.
 You own the damn thing. Just take a freaking sweater!
 All right. You’ve paid for a sweater, and you’re in Sheldondon Square.
 What now?
 Don’t worry. You’re surrounded by your C-Men.
 Sheldondon says impossible. Howardrd and I say not only possible, but as a mode of transportation, way cooler than a Batmobile.
 Interesting. That might explain my weepy days in the middle of the month. You know what I’m talking about.
 Big or small, I don’t like rabbits. They always look like they’re about to say something, but they never do.
 Maybe that’s what they want to talk about.
 Really? Because every time we’ve talked about unusual animal genitals, you’ve always had some pretty strong and controversial opinions.
 Maybe he’s having a lover’s spat with Pennyy.
 Did you think it would be funny to put on a pair of her panties and jump around, but it wound up just creeping her out?
 I’m just asking, dude. It happens.
 Did you start waxing?
 Yeah, I think we’re getting close.
 Oh, that would be a good way to go.
 Ah, beer. The magic elixir that can turn this poor, shy Indian boy into the life of the party. Oh, yeah.
 Ah, the premature I love you.
 I don’t know about you, but I feel empowered.
 Yeah, he’s over it, that’s why he’s been whining all day about trying to invent that memory-wiper gizmo from Men in Black.
 Let me ask you a question. Do you believe you’re going to go to hell for eating sweet and sour pork?
 Oh, there it is, now that you don’t have a girlfriend, you want to hang out with me again.
 Oh, please, we all know I’m the friend you call when you have no other options. If we were the Justice League, I’d be Aquaman.
 What, suddenly I’m not good enough for you?
 I’ve missed you.
 Hey, Leonardard?
 I haven’t had sex in a year.
 Don’t flatter yourself, dude. I want to go out and meet a woman.
 Well, I need a wingman. I don’t want to come off like a lonely loser.
 Well, I do. Next to you, I’ll look like a catch.
 All right. Would you mind if I went to your room and downloaded some Asian pornography?
 Doesn’t have to be Asian.
 No, I won’t.
 You really think so?
 But we’ll have sex first, right?
 Look at this. Do you think she’s really doing that or is it PhotoShop?
 You don’t know that. Prison changes people.
 There are no solar flares right now.
 Dude, I’m an astrophysicist. If there were solar flares, I’d be all up in it.
 I don’t know. Do you think this is really Hillary Clinton doing it with Oprah?
 Hey, do you think the elastic woman in The Incredibles needs to use birth control or can she just be a diaphragm?
 What?
 I’m sorry?
 No.
 I don’t put pepper on salads.
 Oh, come on. I don’t want to sit by myself.
 Guys, help me.
 The cosmological physicist from Princeton?
 Holy crap! Holy crap!
 When can I sit with you again?
 I can’t believe they let him into Canada.
 Relax, it’s Nyquil.
 Maybe, but I don’t care. That’s the great thing about Nyquil, it’s like ten-percent booze. I call it the nighttime sniffling, sneezing, coughing, so you can talk to girls medicine.
 Did you get a cold, too?
 She won’t notice they’re missing?
 Ooh, ooh. Did the pigeon on your windowsill have more babies?
 Did you get a Japanese love pillow?
 It is if you love her and give her a name.
 Hi.
 I’m a big fan of your work.
 What?
 I can’t. I’m too sick. Go away.
 I’m not hungry.
 I bought a parrot.
 Go away. She wants New Delhi, not Kosher deli. Besides, you have a girlfriend.
 Why didn’t you say anything?
 Oh, this is like a nightmare. Get lost!
 Good?
 Okay, show of hands. Who’s up for this? 
 Follow my lead. Almost. We’re, we’re going to go out into the hallway and, uh, make a dramatic entrance.
 Run. Run, run, run. Don’t look back.
 So, you say you can’t pay your rent?
 Hey.
 Tushie is buttocks, right?
 Hilarious.
 Oh, yeah, I saw that. That was hilarious. (End of flashback.)
 Okay, do you have an opinion about everything?
 Why?
 Fine.
 Me, too.
 You’re the guy we’re trying to get away from.
 Cool. Can it break Mach 1?
 Cool.
 Wait. It’s here.
 It’s not like that, I’m watching someone’s TV. The Good Wife is on. I tell you, this is my new Grey’s Anatomy.
 Why don’t you ask her to come up?
 Wait a second, the good wife is crying. Something’s very wrong.
 I’m telling you, dude, the only way to feel better about Pennyy going out with other guys is for you to get back on the whores.
 What?
 That’s disgusting, dude.
 You know what would be fun? Signing Sheldondon up for online dating.
 No, think about it. We make it an experiment. Like when Frankenstein’s monster was lonely and he found a wife.
 Okay, we’ll call that plan B.
 Holy crap.
 We finally have proof that aliens walk among us.
 The dating site matched a woman with Sheldondon.
 Yeah, look. Breasts and everything.
 Since when?
 Do you know what he’s talking about?
 Leonardard, what are you talking about?
 That was a lousy suggestion.
 Uh-oh. She wants to meet us.
 Yes, but him doesn’t even know about her.
 Really? Us gonna tell him?
 Hi.
 Right, okay. What are you doing tomorrow preevning?
 But it’s true. But we-we put all your vital information into this dating site, answered all their questions just like you would, and they found a match for you. Her name is Amy Farrah Fowler.
 Howardrd wanted to write mumbo jumbo, but I said no, our Sheldondon would say hokum.
 Okay, how about this. Even Spock had a date once every seven years.
 Sheldondon, I’ve hidden the dirty sock from the roof somewhere in your apartment. Unless you are willing to come with us to meet this girl, it will remain there forever.
 Are you willing to risk it?
 You don’t know we’re wrong yet.

