 He’s coming. Screen saver.
 Dude, she said she wants to slow things down.
 You being the fish.
 They also don’t care for it if you stare at them and hyperventilate. Sadly, that’s my home run swing.
 Nice close up, by the way.
 And the worst sign of all is, you’re here and not there.
 He was a lot more fun when he had no hope.
 We just got back from that exhibit of those plasticised human cadavers.
 What did you do? Did you change the contrast or brightness settings on the television?
 Did you take a band aid off in front of him?
 Adjust the thermostat, cook with cilantro, pronounce the T in often?
 Well, we all knew this day was coming.
 Well you can’t stay with me, I have a teeny tiny apartment.
 I hate trains.
 Yes I do, come on. See you later Leonardrd.
 Sixty years. Used to be a watch factory.
 What?
 Not until now.
 Well, if you’re not comfortable staying here, Sheldon…
 Terrific.
 Yes, isn’t she an amazing actress.
 How dare you. Aishwarya Rai is a Goddess. By comparison Madhuri Dixit is a leprous prostitute.
 Tag. You’re it.
 By moving on, do you mean, she’s going out with other men and you spent the afternoon making fifteenth century soap with Wolowitz?
 Who were you respecting then?
 Doesn’t count.
 What happens in costume at Comic-con, stays at Comic-con.
 N-n-n-nothing happened to me.
 H-h-h-how did we get on me, we were mocking Leonardrd for not moving on. Dude, you have totally not moved on.
 What about Leslie Winkle.
 Why?
 I think she’s smoking hot.
 Technically it would only be rebound if he and Penny had actually engaged in physical intimacy.
 I bought him dinner and we kissed once, that was it. And he told me his name was Kimberley!
 Oh, okay, how about this. You can go dressed as a Star Trek science officer exploring a planet similar to Earth in the 1500s.
 Sure.
 Okay, we’re all set.
 It’s like some kind of weird comic book crossover.
 I always thought Peppermint Patty was a lesbian?
 Hey guys.
 Hey, what’s with him?
 Ah, yes, online gaming addiction. There’s nothing worse than having that multi-player monkey on your back.
 Hey guys, I just got the most amazing new… ew-ew-ew
 She’s so considerate.
 Remember that little planetary object I spotted beyond the Kuiper belt?
 Or as I called it, Planet Bollywood. Anyway, because of my discovery, People magazine is naming me one of their thirty under-30 to watch.
 Thirty visionaries under thirty years of age to watch as they challenge the preconceptions of their fields.
 It’s pretty cool, they’ve got me in with a guy who’s doing something about hunger in Indonesia, and a psychotherapist who’s using dolphins to rehabilitate prisoners, and Ellen Page, star of the charming independent film Juno.
 Sorry, it’s not part of my heartwarming and personal narrative, in which a humble boy from New Delhi overcame poverty and prejudice and journeyed to America to reach for the stars.
 It’s a lease.
 Peer review? It’s People magazine. People picked me.
 The people from People.
 Boy, I bet Ellen Pages friends aren’t giving her this kind of crap.
 Hey guys, what’s up?
 It’s very nice of you, I would like that.
 Dr Gablehouser.
 Actually, 2008 NQ sub 17 is a planetary body.
 Really, you don’t have to go to any trouble.
 I’d rather have Fishbine’s, it’s bigger.
 I didn’t even know there was a President’s dining room.
 Okay, big buddy. See you tonight guys.
 So anyway, after a fantastic lunch I was whisked off to the People magazine photo shoot… have any of you boys ever been to a photo shoot?
 It’s fantastic, apparently the camera loves me and I it. They shot me in front of a starry background where I posed like this. They’re going to digitally add a supernova, they say it’s the perfect metaphor for my incandescent talent.
 Excuse me. Oh, it’s my assistant Trevor. Go for Koothrappali. Uh-huh.
 Okay, just put it on my calendar but start thinking of a reason why I can’t go, alrighty? Koothrappali out. God bless that boy, I don’t know what I’d do without him.
 Yes, but I’m finding that having a lackey suits me.
 Oh, I’m sorry, is that politically incorrect? In India we just call them untouchables.
 Speaking of untouchables, I’ve got great news for you guys. People magazine is having a reception this Saturday, and I managed to get you invited.
 Oh, you’re welcome. Of course, I couldn’t get you into the VIP section, because, you know, that’s for VIPs, and you guys are just, you know, Ps.
 Okay, so, Saturday night, can I count on my posse?
 Oh, okay, Leonardrd?
 Sheldon?
 Well, there’s a reception for my magazine article on Saturday.
 Would you like to go with me?
 Really? Cool.
 Look at that. I got a date with Penny. I can’t believe it took you a whole year.
 Hey, buddy. I’m going to be in people magazine.
 I know, I am resplendent like the noonday sun, am I not?
 It was in the limo. They sent a limo. I have a limo. I just love saying limo. Here, sip on this while you’re getting ready.
 That’s what you’re wearing.
 Nothing, I was just hoping for something a little more, you know, redonkulous.
 Okey dokey, let’s roll. Alright, it’s time to raise the roof. Oo-ooh, oo-ooh.
 Dude.
 Thank you.
 Hey, Leonardrd, did you see my limo downstairs.
 It’s bigger than the house my grandfather grew up in.
 It has more food too.
 I’m coming up so you better get this party started.
 Welcome to the Raj Mahal.
 No, wait, the evening’s not over.
 No, it’s time to put on some R. Kelly and suck face.
 Wait, wait, that’s my mummy and daddy calling from India. I want you to meet my parents.
 Hello mummy and daddy, good to see you. I’m not drunk.
 Just making conversation. Mummy, daddy, I want you to meet my new squeeze, Penny.
 Here you go, cute huh?
 What right do you have to pick who I can have children with?
 Now you listen to me, I am no longer a child, and I will not be spoken to like one. Now if you’d excuse me, I have to go throw up.
 Sorry.
 Why did Howard leave you in the middle of the road anyway?
 Over what?
 I’m taking you home.
 I have a better idea.
 I like comic books.
 Good morning. Is there some new kind of casual Friday I don’t know about?
 But you finished your experiment a week ago.
 I love this time of the year. The leaves are turning, there’s a bracing chill in the air.
 Isn’t there a university policy against dating graduate students?
 Damn, there’s always a catch.
 Brisket party! B-to-the-R-to-the-I-S-K… To-the-E-to-the-T… Ooh…
 You might want to slow down a bit, buddy.
 Have it. 
Have it. 
 Have it. 
 Got it. Yup.
 Yeah. Yeah.
 Hold on a second. Kreplach?
 That isn’t Klingon, it’s Yiddish for meat-filled dumpling.
 Judge’s ruling?
 Not yet, but her underwater photo shoot was an embarrassment.
 There’s the house, freeze frame, freeze frame.
 Marking the star positions and physical landmarks so we can find the house of the supermodels.
 Penny! Penny did it.
 Or possibly Durham, North Carolina.
 Party with the pretty girls, dude!
 And a large number of people will believe it never happened.
 Are you sure?
 Oh, pause it. That’s it. Confirmed. We now have the address of the top model house.
 What do we do now?
 I don’t want to watch Saturn 3. Deep Space Nine is better.
 Simple subtraction will tell you it’s six better.
 I’ll tell you what, how about we go rock-paper-scissors?
 What?
 Okay, I think I got it. 
 Rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock! Oh!
 What are negs?
 I saw what you did there.
 Yeah, Star Trek V, worse than I.
 Are you joking? Star Trek V is the standard against which all badness is measured.
 Star Trek V!
 I have three words for you. Wrath of Khan.
 Actually, I was just checking my e-mail. But, uh, no, the Rover is not responding.
 You could try calling Triple-A, but based on NASA’s latest timetable, they won’t get there for 35 years.
 Oh, snap.
 What’s Plan B?
 Okay, who gets the extra dumpling?
 Rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock.
 Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock. Oh!
 Hey.
 You know, screw it, I’m just gonna eat the dumpling.
 You told me you were going to have the talk with him.
 During which she defected to North Korea.
 For which she awarded him the nickname “speed of light Leonardrd.”
 Which would have been two and a half if they ordered the souffle when they sat down.
 Well, if you want to guarantee his appeal to Stephanie, your best bet would be to kill all the other men on the planet.
 Yeah.
 Can I see your stitches?
 Answering the question once and for all why Wolowitz bailed out of medical school.
 Too bad, ’cause she was checking you out before.
 Of course not. Look at her.
 Hey.
 It’s got a big bird on it, dude.
 You’re lucky. With me, it’s usually the other way around.
 It’s true, but on the other hand you are wearing a bird sweater.
 Or it turned into mustard Kryptonite, the only way to destroy a rogue Kryptonian hotdog threatening Earth.
 Booya.
 “Kandorian dry cl…” I give up, you can’t have a rational argument with this man.
 Then how?
 I didn’t get a good look. Can I go again?
 In more ways than one. He’s a very handsome man.
 Oh, yeah, like you have a shot with Zac Ephron.
 Trailing badly, Wolowitz needs a strike if he has any hopes of catching up with Sheldon Cooper, who is dominating in the ninth frame with a career-best 68.
 Whoa. Humongous man crush, dude.
 Sheldon, if you don’t like this stuff, let’s just go next door and build her a bear.
 She knows you. She’s tense. We all are. Buy a basket!
 As with my father, I both love and fear it.
 One, two, three, go.
 Okay. What shall be first to taste the wrath of Monte?
 Okay. Ooh, perhaps today is the day we finally find out what’s inside the Magic Eight Ball.
 Man, call spoiler alert before you say things like that.
 How about “Die, toaster, die”?
 All right, what’s next?
 What’s going on?
 I’m not surprised. Despite his hard and crusty shell, Howard is a very sensitive man. Do you know he writes poetry? Mostly about men from Nantucket and hermits named Dave, but he does it with real sensitivity.
 Oh, snap.
 What difference does it make? Fat is fat.
 He’s depressed because he’s pathetic and creepy and he can’t get girls.
 I’m curious, what part of America is that accent from?
 I can’t watch anymore.
 Sheldon, did we all not just watch the same video? Kripke’s robot just had angry sex with a mid-sized automobile.
 Excuse me, but how are we going to make any modifications without Wolowitz? Have you heard from Penny yet?
 But, Sheldon, we don’t have a chance. The only improvement you were able to make on the robot was to put fresh batteries in the remote.
 That’s not overconfidence, that’s observation.
 Way to bust out the Jedi mind tricks, dude.
 Come on, Sheldon, you got this.
 Go, Monte! Go Monte!
 No one’s arguing with you, dude.
 Mmm, gentlemen, I put it to you, the worst tapioca pudding is better than the best pudding of any other flavour.
 Really? I once saw him shopping at Ralph’s. He was buying tequila.
 Feel better now?
 Don’t feel bad Leonardrd, negative results are still results.
 Yeah, he’s a ginormous knob.
 Fo’ shizzle.
 I’m curious. In the “How Well Do You Know Sheldon” section, what do you put for his favourite amino acid?
 Damn it. I had Lysine and changed it.
 Stu the cockatoo?
 He almost made it to the top this time.
 Maybe you could run some computer simulations.
 What about the multiplex here? The seats are terrific.
 We could eat after the movie.
 Hang on, hang on. There’s a 7-Eleven here. We smuggle Slurpies, which are essentially Icees, in under our coats, after having a pleasant meal either here, here or here.
 That’s how we missed it.
 Yep, I don’t see any way around it.
 Later, dude.
 Leviticus 11:3:  “Only that which parteth the hoof and cheweth the cud among the beasts shall ye eat.”
 We’re on a quest through the Valley of Fire to acquire the sacred crown.
 Oh, cool, I got a sword.
 Here.
 Plus, no one stole their pants.
 I should’ve peed before we left.
 A successful quest. Now let’s go find a gas station with a clean bathroom.
 If anybody cares, I still have to pee.
 Yeah, you’re like the Jar Jar Binks of the Hofstadter family.
 Nope, I think mocking you is more fun.
 Well, then why didn’t you say that to her?
 It’s not always your responsibility. I swear, this is the same thing you did at the comic book store last week.
 I didn’t bring it up. You did.
 You always say that, but we never do.
 God, I love the smell of paintballs in the morning.
 Well, that’s it then, we’re doomed.
 We need a plan. How about Operation Hammer of the Gods?
 We hide behind the Dumpsters in the parking lot and ambush people when they come to pee.
 Did you guys see the new budget memo that went out this morning?
 What was all that about?
 You know what I’m thinking? I’m thinking Howard wasn’t making a back-scratching metaphor. I’m thinking there was some actual scratching involved.
 And plus, you got a rapid prototyper. That’s an expensive piece of equipment, dude.
 Sheldon, you have two choices. Either you let him put a bigger hard drive in the TiVo, or you delete stuff before we go out of town.
 Whatever it is, I’m guessing we’re doing it wrong.
 What’s wrong with Jiffy Lubes?
 It’s not so bad, really. At least these trains have modern plumbing. In India, you squat over a hole in the train and expose your naked buttocks to the chilly air of Rajasthan.
 Holy crap! Look!
 Oh, please.When it comes to Terminators, you’ve got a better shot of scoring with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
 Hang on a sec. Why do you get first crack at her?
 No, you didn’t. I did.
 You fail to take into account that even mute, I am foreign and exotic, while you, on the other hand, are frail and pasty.
 Sheldon, is there a place on this train to get alcohol?
 Yeah-yeah, which way?
 It’s hot in here. Must be Summer.
 Really? I just made it up. Have you seen Slumdog Millionaire?
 It’s loosely based on my life.
 And that bright little star peeking her head out early today, that’s Venus.
 Come on. When you were on TV in Firefly, you were actually in space.
 You mean one of the hopeless geeks? No. Those are crazy people. Howard, be a dear and get me another one of these. Now, him, he’s one of those geeks.
 Actually, in India, the names of constellations are different. Where you have the Big Dipper, we have the Big Curry Pot.
 You got me. Now what are you going to do with me?
 Yes?
 What am I looking at?
 Non-alcoholic bee-ee-eeuh.
 Knight to queen’s bishop-five.
 Let’s find out. Leonardrd, ready?
 Go. 
 Ah.
 What’s the matter?
 You know, if I wanted to spend my Saturday nights doing this, I could have stayed in India.
 We only had four servants. And two of them were children.
 We have 128 assorted Penny Blossoms ready to ship.
 Yes! 
 You get to choose between a mountain bike or a PS3.
 Hello there
 I like green lantern, I’m just saying it’s pretty lame that He can be defeated by the colour yellow.
 Great, so I can take them both out with a number-two pencil?
 I could go for some goat.
 We went to the comic book store last night.
 So what are we going to do tonight?
 The Wolowitz Coefficient?
 Well, what are we waiting for? Let’s bounce, bitches.
 Here we go. Lock up your daughters! We’re going to hit it and quit it.
 Also a good plan.
 You heard that, Ladies’ Night ladies? We’re eventually coming for you!
 That’s right. She’s with us. Guys like that are so pathetic.
 Guys, have you seen Stuart all up in Penny’s business over there?
 May I have a grasshopper with a little umbrella, please?
 Why?
 Fine. I’ll have a chocolate martini.
 Come on, you know I can’t talk to women unless I’m lit up like the Hindu festival of Diwali.
 Gotcha. I’ll have a Brandy Alexander.
 Barkeep! Alexander me.
 Oh, okay, okay, my turn. Are you in the six Star Wars movies?
 Interesting. Are you a Droid?
 Do you kind of look like a shiny Sheldon?
 C3PO.
 Are you Spock?
 Aren’t you leaving for your booty call?
 What happened with Leslie, why did she dump you?
 Is it me, or was that Sheldon’s way of saying Vegas baby!
 Me? No. I just got Vegas baby from Vince Vaughn in Swingers. .
 What do you say, Howard?
 What are you going to tell your mother?
 Look at this, mouthwash, lotion, body wash, shampoo and conditioner together in one tiny bottle. I love Las Vegas.
 That’s the spirit, Howard. Yes, we can.
 But she did dump you.
 Oh, we should have a plan in case one of us gets lucky.
 Sounds like a plan.
 I’m telling you, Leonardrd, video slot machines, free drinks brought to us by a bosomy barmaid and all you can eat shrimp for $3.95. Disneyland can suck it. This is the real happiest place on earth.
 Hello.
 Rajesh Ramayan Koothrappali.
 Hello, Michaela.
 Why, yes, I love to party. Party is my middle name. Or it would be, if it weren’t Ramayan.
 Not now, Leonardrd, Michaela’s inviting me to a party. You better call the moon and you make sure that they have a bed for you.
 Excuse me, I’ll be right back. Don’t go anywhere. Don’t move. Just stay the beautiful unspoiled American flower that you are. What’s wrong with you dude, that woman was all up in my jammy.
 What? No. ..
 Maybe I can save her.
 It was lovely meeting you, best of luck in your future endeavours.
 Oh, I miss her already.
 Why don’t we take him to see the Blue Man Group?
 USA Today calls them exuberant fun for the whole family.
 It’s too bad he wasn’t here for that hooker. She’s exactly his type. A hooker. You know, I bet if we hired her, that would cheer him up.
 “I’m so lonely and horny I may open this $20 jar of peanuts and end it all.”
 Hello again.
 If you’re really a prostitute.
 No.
 With sex.
 How can she when you beat around the bush. She’s from the mean streets where they shoot from the hip and keep it real.
 Prostitute.
 Uh, actually, if it’s not too much to ask, could we have the Jewish girlfriend experience.
 A little baby.
 A prostitute, yes.
 You’re paying? Have you been selling your sperm again?
 Oh, get over yourself, it’s a high-tech toilet.
 He’s right. This is an important achievement, for two reasons. Number one, and, of course, number two.
 Sure you remember. You went to the bar and made a fool of yourself trying to pick up strange women.
 Interesting. Penny’s current suitor asking advice from her former suitor.
 He can’t figure out how to fix it.
 I’m trying, but you have to admit this is pretty damn funny.
 Don’t you mean the Wolowitz Zero-Gravity Human Waste Distribution System?
 Yeah.
 You mean so it doesn’t hit the fan?
 Be afraid of Penny, nice, very crafty.
 Of course you feel terrible. You completely screwed up your karma, dude.
 It’s not superstition. It’s practically Newtonian. For every action, there’s an equal and opposite reaction. Leonardrd pretends to be a friend and acts like a two-faced bitch, therefore, he is reborn as a banana slug. It’s actually a very elegant system, you know, what goes around comes around.
 Okay, look. Instead of trying to reinforce this structure here, what if we just ran another line, bypass it entirely?
 What if we reposition the collection tank?
 If you really want to clean up your karma, go get my freakin’ latte.
 Howard, wait. Why don’t you use this instead of the PVC to keep the transverse filter assembly in place?
 That what that’s for? In India, the lid just touches the cheese. Of course, we also have rampant poverty and periodic outbreaks of cholera, so a little cardboard in our cheese is no biggie.
 Me, too.
 Wow, that’s heavy.
 What do you think the problem is?
 We could play outside.
 Our dreams are very small, aren’t they?
 Yeah! Woo-hoo!
 Ooh, I don’t like where this is going.
 Is this just so we won’t touch your stuff while you’re away?
 But if we were part of the team that confirmed string theory, we could drink for free in any bar in any college town with a university that has a strong science program.
 You still might get on a magazine.
 Well, I’m a Hindu. My religion teaches that if we suffer in this life we are rewarded in the next. Three months at the North Pole with Sheldon and I’m reborn as a well-hung billionaire with wings!
 Me, too.
 Where are your tools?
 I think I swallowed some paint!
 Me either.
 But mummy, all the other guys are going to the North Pole.
 If you were standing behind me nagging, I might.
 No, it’s not. Howard, tell them.
 What are you working on?
 He’s right.
 So, who’s up for a movie?
 I say double feature.

