 I think you’d be pleased to hear that this morning in the parking garage I saw this oil stain on the ground that was shaped just like my ex-girlfriend, Lucy, and I didn’t get upset at all.
 Well, you should be, ’cause she was looking good.
 Is that true?
 How can I meet someone new when everywhere I look, I see Lucy’s face? Tell me you don’t see her smile in the crust of this chicken pot pie.
 You think you’re so cool because your wife is a person?
 You would do that for me?
 Thanks. Oh, Sheldon, since Amy’s out of town, would you like to join us?
 Wow, your work on jellyfish neural nets sounds so interesting.
 I will. You can download my paper on the Van Allen Belts from the university server as well.
 All right.
 Well, if you like dry, factual statements interspersed with painful moments of silence, it was bananas.
 Oh, great. There go my chances of being sexually harassed.
 That’s so much better than the old, ugly ones.
 You know, I recently read a fascinating article on infidelity among penguins.
 So if the fact that your husband left you makes you feel unattractive, just remember, penguins get cheated on, and they’re adorable.
 Uh, excuse me, Mrs. Davis?
 I’d like to apologize for being insensitive. And for possibly making penguins seem like jerks, because 99% of them are stand-up guys.
 You know, you, you and I, you and I have a lot in common.
 Oh, yes, I, I too am in the throes of heartbreak. Okay, fine, I’ll tell you about it.
 Yeah, I can relate to being a single parent. I have a dog.
 Mrs. Davis, I, uh, I must confess, I came here tonight in a futile attempt to pick up some lonely postdoc, but instead I got to connect with you at a human level. That’s a much better evening. You’re a lovely person.
 No, no, no, that would be crazy. I mean, if I were hitting on you, you’d know it ’cause you’d feel uncomfortable and a little sad for me.
 Good night.
 And then some. I think we had a moment.
 Who died and made you king of moments?
 There was.
 I will slowly seduce her until she falls helpless into my bed, hungry for the pleasure only I can give her.
 No, not a thing.
 Well, I’ve been quite enjoying that. It combines all the superhero fun of Spider-Man with all the body-switching shenanigans of Freaky Friday. Both versions, original and Lohan.
 Hey, what’s your problem?
 Why are you on a diet?
 Well, we’ve all seen your mom. That Butterball turkey was bound to come home to roost.
 No problem. Ooh, you made little sandwiches.
 Nice. So, mmm. What’s up?
 Well, it’s kind of hard to tell.
 I’m not sure. Um, wait. Jump up and down, let’s see if they jiggle. Uh, no, I, I still can’t tell, uh, oh, you know what? Okay, uh, give me some of this.
 Do you want my help or not?
 Okay, yup. See, see, that, that looks like, that looks like they could be bigger. But you know, I bet, I bet when I do it, mine do the same thing.
 Hmm. Uh, let me see something. 
 Oh. Sorry, sorry, uh, okay. I mean, yeah, maybe.
 You know, but, but they’re very firm, so you’ve got that going for you.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, very perky.
 Yay.
 A little loud, dude.
 Uh, it wasn’t anything weird. It was just to see how big they were.
 Uh, can I just say, I’ve missed all of us hanging out together.
 So, couldn’t help but notice none of you RSVP’d to my murder mystery dinner party.
 No, you weren’t because it was a week ago and nobody came. So, if you want to solve the mystery of who stabbed Koothrappali in the back with the weapon of indifference, it was all of you.
 Don’t worry, I can take a hint. No more murder mystery parties.
 Because I’ve got something even better planned.
 Just hear me out. I’m going to make you guys a scavenger hunt like they have at M.I.T.
 So, uh, who’s in?
 Okay, everybody. Who’s ready for a scavenger hunt? Somewhere in the city of Pasadena, I’ve hidden a golden coin. You will be faced with a total of ten puzzles. Each p…  each, each puzzle will lead you to the location of the next, the last of which will lead you to the coin. The first team that finds it wins.
 Any questions?
 Okay, guys, go ahead and divide yourselves into teams of two.
 All right, teams. Get ready to open your first puzzle. Go. Do you see what I did? The first puzzle is a puzzle. Oh, my God, how adorable is that? I wish I had a friend like me.
 Oh, hey, thanks for letting me use the comic book store as part of the scavenger hunt.
 Oh, congratulations. You’re the first team to arrive.
 Your next puzzle is a riddle. And who better to give it to you than The Riddler?
 Good riddle, huh?
 I invited you to my murder mystery party.
 Oh.
 Oh, yes, Leonard. Yes, it was.
 Yes, exactly. Where is the coin? Why don’t you look in your pockets? I slipped them in there earlier today.
 Don’t you see? When we’re all having fun together, we’re already winners. Oh, look. See? Even I’m a winner.
 Well, I thought… Come on, I didn’t want anyone to feel bad at the end of the game. And some of those puzzles were really hard and I didn’t know who was gonna get Penny.
 Okay, okay, that-that came out wrong, but you have to admit, you all had a wonderful time.
 I just wanted to do something beautiful.
 Which celebrity would you say I look like the most?
 Stuart and I are putting dating profiles online, and it’s one of the questions. And thank you, I’d kill for that woman’s bone structure.
 Wait, how can, how can anyone ruin Raiders? It’s perfect.
 Aw!
 Aw!
 Well, when someone looks at your dating profile, the first thing they see is your picture. I just want to make sure you look fun and full of life and not like a body they just pulled out of the river. All right, here we go, and smile. Okay, uh-uh, that one’s in the bank. How about this? Turn away, and then turn back into it. But when you do, imagine the camera is the girl you want to meet.
 Okay, uh, let’s try it again. Uh, but this time, pretend the girl you want to meet doesn’t want to hurt you.
 Come on. One more time. Yeah, it’s, it’s a little blurry, but I think that works in your favour. Do you want a beer?
 Almost. Oh, what did you put as the one-word description of yourself?
 My parents’ money. Uh, what did you put for your best feature?
 Come on, dude, you’re being too hard on yourself. You’ve got a lot of good stuff going on.
 Well, okay, you’re a, you’re a talented artist, you own your own business.
 Okay, well, can we imply that you’re well-endowed?
 Okay, now you’re talking like a winner!
 Three, two, one.
 Attention all shoppers, my business is open for business!
 Oh, cool, it tells you when someone’s reading your profile. Jenny309. I hope that’s not her weight.
 What? Another one. You know, it, it’s weird. When they’re reading your profile, does it, does it make you feel exposed? Like they see you naked?
 In the last two hours, 162 women have read our profiles. How many of them have sent us messages?
 Yes.
 Dude, this is, this is brutal.
 This is the worst. If we’re gonna get shot down, we might as well just go to a bar and do it old school.
 Yeah, anything is better than this.
 Hello.
 I was wrong. This is worse.
 Like a hero.
 Aw!
 I think it could be romantic. You know, my parents met at his place of work.
 I know. What started as a pap smear turned into a date. Which turned into her working there, which turned into marriage, which then turned into hatred, which continues to this day. Two-Eyed Cyclops.
 Hold on. We do that all the time. You and I work together and play together.
 His only options here are to fake a heart attack or have a real one.
 It wasn’t a pyjama party. It was just a couple of bros hanging out, giggling, eating cookie dough and watching Princess Bride.
 As you wish.
 Amy.
 Oh, uh, on the off chance that Bernadette doesn’t call back and apologize, how do you feel about Mexican food for dinner tonight?
 That’s ’cause you always fill up on chips.
 You want a TUMS?
 No, if I buy those, I just go through them like candy.
 Thanks.
 It is awesome. Uh, you should probably go after her.
 Yeah!
 Why is that great news?
 That is so beautiful.
 Of course. I’d be happy to shred it on my ax.
 Fine. I will melt her heart. And her face.
 Yeah, I read your paper online. That technique for creating a new heavy element is inspired.
 You called the right person. I believe I have the perfect romantic evening for you to give Leonard.
 As I’m sure you’re aware, the quickest way to a man’s heart is through his…
 Oh. You poor thing. You have one arrow in your quiver, and you just can’t use it. Fortunately, another pathway to a man’s heart is through his stomach.
 Well, I’ve always had this fantasy that involves dancing. The sexual chemistry between my partner and me is electric. But boy, oh, boy, does my father not approve until he sees us in the big dance competition.
 Oh, oh, uh, you could, uh, stand outside his window with a boom box in the air.
 Look, I’m a lonely guy, I watch a lot of movies. Look, Penny, if you truly want to be romantic, it needs to come from you.
 Well, you’ve probably never had to do this stuff ’cause you’re young and beautiful and men have always thrown themselves at you.
 Got it. Now, uh, I have a question about the song. I was thinking at some point I could bust out a little rap.
 Come on, come on, you haven’t even heard it yet. Leonard, give me a beat.
 Oh, please?
 It will be. I don’t call anyone a ho, and the only time I use the phrase my bitch, I’m referring to you.
 Wait, I don’t understand. They didn’t find the element?
 Oh, that’s a big deal.
 And he’d probably still live with his mom.
 And he’d definitely still live with his mom.
 Oh, we couldn’t have imagined how good our lives would get from the moment that we met you, Bernadette.
 Actually, I’m busy.
 There’s a new sports bar over on Colorado Ave…
 Yeah.
 You think they came up with that? They were going to drink beer and play darts.
 Excuse me. I happen to be very comfortable with my masculinity.
 Yeah, it’s nothing to cry about.
 Penny, how’s it going over there?
 Okay, let me have it. Let’s hear all the Raj is a girl jokes.
 Thank you.
 Oh, I think we’re doing just fine, thank you.
 Ah, I’m making a necklace for my mom.
 Yeah, she and my dad are going through a bit of a rough patch, so I wanted to do something to let her know I was thinking about her.
 They’re just having a little trouble communicating. My dad says it’s because the sound of my mom’s voice makes him want to tear his ears off and sew them over his eyes so he never has to look at her again.
 I didn’t know you were coming again.
 No, thanks.
 My name is Howard. I can make your hair into diamonds. My mom is morbidly obese. Everybody love me.
 I’ll tell you where it’s coming from. All you do is make fun of me for coming to girls’ night and now you’re here ruining it for everyone.
 But this isn’t about the jewellery. This is about me having a place where I can open up about my feelings.
 There are just some things that I feel more comfortable sharing with the girls, because they won’t make fun of me or and call me names, or ask me if my Koothrapanties are in a bunch.
 Yeah, well, sometimes your jokes hurt.
 Thank you. It wasn’t easy.
 Well, I was feeling bad about how I acted the other night so I made you a little something.
 Well, it was fun. I used some of the jewellery techniques you taught us. It’s a lightsabre belt buckle.
 Oh gets better.
 And that’s not even the best part. See? I have one, too. Check it out. You can wear yours and we can have little sword fights whenever we want.
 Not even to sleep?
 So, how are you gonna return the DVD if the store went out of business?
 I don’t get it.
 No. Oh, is he anything like, uh, Mun-Mun the Mongoose? He taught us not to play with cobras.
 You had to be taught not to burn down the forest?
 What is wrong with you, Penny? You ruined any chance I had of getting back with Lucy. Now she knows I’m a desperate mess instead of just being pretty sure. It’s Lucy. She wants to meet for coffee. I love you, Penny.
 Can I ask you guys a question? So, I’m seeing Lucy tomorrow night, and I’ve never hung out with someone who broke up with me. How do you do it?
 Why is the key always confidence? How come it’s never love handles and flop sweat?
 He’s right. But in my defence, if we could survive that, we could survive anything.
 Well, can I say she looks nice?
 Can I tell her I miss her?
 Oh, can I show her an oil painting I made of us surrounded by our children and grandchildren?
 Good, good. ‘Cause no matter how hard I try, I cannot get the twins to look alike.
 Hello. Oh, it’s so good to see you.
 Please, sit. I, uh, I got you a cappuccino. I remembered it was your favourite. I also got crumb cake, but I remembered it was my favourite and I ate it. Anyway, uh, how are you?
 Well, and I ate all the crumb cake. We both made mistakes.
 I’m so happy you asked me here, and I hope we can hang out again sometime. You know, as friends, lovemaking partners, whatever.
 I think I know the answer to this, but just to be clear, it’s not me, right?
 This is all your fault, I should’ve listened to Mun-Mun because I’ve been playing with a cobra and her name is Penny. Why are you so cruel? Do you enjoy my pain?
 I love you, Penny.
 Wow. You’re even prettier than Penny said. I can’t believe a girl like you doesn’t have a boyfriend.
 I don’t believe you, you’re lying to me.
 Oh, it’s okay. I have no morals and I’m desperately lonely. I’ll be the other man if you want a little something-something on the side.
 What is wrong with you?
 It’s horrible. Why would you push a cow over? They’re sacred.
 Hey, an animal can be both sacred and delicious.
 I’m in.
 Ah, no problem. It wouldn’t be Thanksgiving without an Indian providing the food. Uh, now, where does your mom keep the Crisco?
 Uh, yeah, can you, uh, reach that, uh, gravy boat up there?
 Great. That makes one of you. Okay, we have a lot to do and not much time to do it. Bernadette, you’re on corn, gravy and yam detail. Amy, you’re on rolls, cranberries and making sure Bernadette stays away from the marshmallows. That’s right, I see you. Okay, if you have any questions, I’ll be over here basting my ass off. Focus is key.
 What?
 Hey, guys, I’m trying to cook in here.
 No, no, speak up. I’m about to use the blender, and I don’t want to miss anything.
 My, my. The plot, like my gravy, thickens.
 Wonder what she saw in that guy.
 Hmm. Wonder what she sees in Leonard.
 Stir the gravy.
 Ooh.
 Well, I couldn’t have done it without my two favourite girls. Martha Stewart and Rachael Ray.
 No, I’m gonna brush Cinnamon’s teeth.
 And the other half licking my face. That’s why I’m brushing her teeth.
 Howard, the poor thing just got home from work. Let me get you a glass of wine. I’ll cook dinner.
 Don’t be silly. Sit. You look like you’ve had a long day.
 Please, this is my way of thanking you for letting me stay here. Now, tell us all about your day.
 Hey, when you got home today complaining that you felt sick from eating too many jelly beans, did I tell you how to fix it? No. I said, aw, that must hurt, and I rubbed your belly.
 All I’m saying is there’s a time to just listen.
 There’s also a time to stop eating too many jelly beans. And it’s when you’re ten.
 Good morning, everybody. I picked up coffee while I was out. Bernadette, here’s your soy peppermint mocha.
 Oh, my pleasure, and don’t worry about your presentation today. You’re gonna be great.
 He loves you.
 I’m just being a good house guest.
 Oh, come on, I brought you one, too.
 That’s why I got you hot chocolate.
 Howard, listen to me. You’re a great husband. Yes, your listening skills could use some work. But it’s amazing how far you’ve come given that you’re an only child raised by an over-protective mom.
 Hang on.
 Nonsense. You need a little fattening up. You’ve been looking too skinny lately.
 Hey, hey, do you hear yourselves? Let’s just, you know, all calm down and take a step back.
 Oh, what did I do?
 Look, I’m sorry you’re upset with me, but I just have to say it’s nice to see the two of you on the same page.
 I can’t believe they’re still married. Oh, no, I forgot Cinnamon’s toothbrush at Howard’s. I guess you’re sharing with Daddy again.
 Sheldon, I think you might find the support you’re looking for if you realize that relationships are a give and take. She can only be there for you as much as you are for her.
 And, Amy, you need to be patient with Sheldon, instead of pressuring him to accept intimacy on your terms.
 Wait, so Star Wars and Star Trek characters can go on the same branch?
 Yeah, if your mom could see her little Bar Mitzvah boy right now, she’d have a heart attack.
 Hey.
 You know, many people believe that home births are better because the mother is in a warm, comfortable environment where she can be nurtured by loved ones.
 If you were having Sheldon’s baby would you really want him in the room?
 I’ve never seen it.
 Maybe this time he’s going to do it.
 You didn’t ask her out, but that was a lot of sounds.
 Sounds about right.
 Open wide, here comes the happy train.
 Oh. Hang on. You got a, you got a little something. Ah.
 Oh, man, that is so us.
 My father’s a gynaecologist, I think I can handle it. And, now, I’m gay.
 Keep going.
 Ew.
 At least Leonard, Howard and I would have always been friends.
 Yeah, you didn’t have to buy groceries ’cause you were breast-feeding.
 Yeah, I was wrong. But I do think you and I would have had a great time.
 Come on, Leonard, dinner.
 You’d have no girlfriend to see you naked, you’d try to fill the void with food, and I’m an enabler who once deep-fried a pancake.
 I think there’s still half a cake from breakfast.
 Stuart!
 What are you doing?
 Yeah, but why are you fat?
 Congrats.
 Yeah, you keep saying how much Sheldon has affected all of us, but you’ve clearly had an impact on him.
 Put up or shut up. You make it, I’ll drink it.
 Ooh, Mark Harmon, he’s a dreamboat.
 So I read a study that says a man with a dog is three times more likely to get a woman’s phone number.
 I don’t see why not.
 Can we bring anything?
 I almost met someone last night, but I blew it. I was walking Cinnamon and this girl introduced herself, but she was so cute I panicked and said, wouldn’t it be easier if instead of talking we could just sniff each other’s butts?
 Are possums cute?
 You mean like fatties and uggos?
 I’m sure you were great.
 No. No pretty girls. The point is to talk to regular people and work our way up to pretty girls.
 That depends. On any level, do you think she’s hot?
 Yeah, she seems friendly and easy to… never mind, she’s gone. You know, maybe talking to people is too hard.
 I don’t know. They’re dressed very stylishly. They’re probably stuck-up. This is ridiculous. The next person that walks by, no matter who it is, they’re the one. We’re gonna die here.
 That’s a mirror.
 Sorry.
 Uh, excuse me.
 Uh, do, do you like being a mall security guard?
 Okay, nice talking to you.
 Well, we were just on our way to lunch and wanted to see if you’d like to join.
 Hey. Good to see you.
 He brought you a pretty rock.
 Are you sure? He’s tall, pale and awkward. That sounds like your type.
 Yeah, grow up, Howard. God.
 And does Sheldon know you’re dating Sheldon?
 Yeah, knock it off, Howard.
 Well, do you support this?
 Prepare your uterus for his gigantic offspring?
 Padma Kapur, Neha Chowdury.
 Megan Pincus.
 Oh, who was that girl from our Starbucks?
 Yes. Arlene. She wrote no way on both our cappuccinos.
 I guess, uh, I’d like her to sit me down, look me in the eye and say, I was wrong. I love you. And then maybe she could touch me in a special way.
 He’ll be so upset. He’ll probably climb up the Empire State Building and start swatting at planes.
 Sure. We’ve both been in his shoes. We’ll let him down with compassion and respect.
 So we tell him she’s a lesbian, right?
 We’re sorry Amy didn’t want to go.
 Oh, it all comes down to this.
 Oh, I have to go to the bathroom so bad.
 And I told you I get diaper rash.
 Anyone in?
 Refresh. Refresh. Refresh….
 Refresh. Refresh. Refresh….
 Uh, what number in line are you?
 Oh, they only have Thursday and Sunday passes left.
 So that’s it? Everything’s sold out?
 We would have been the angry green belles of the masquerade ball.
 Hey, since Sheldon’s not going to Comic-Con, maybe we could find a cool trio to dress up as.
 How are you gonna get James Earl Jones?
 Does he sound like a criminal?
 You know, did he say things like, youse guys, or, listen here, see?
 I’m just saying, we don’t know who this guy is. What if he wants to steal our money or our kidneys, or make a suit outof our skins?
 I don’t know. Maybe ’cause dark doesn’t show the stains?
 Okay, so, I’m on a Comic-Con message board, and there’s a post from a guy where he says he got caught using someone else’s badge, and Sheldon was right, he did get charged with petty theft. Guys, if I go to jail dressed as the Human Torch, that might send the wrong message.
 Do it.
 That’s ’cause we’re the good guys.
 You know I struggle with Batman.
 Okay, I’ll be a badass, but only if you pinky-swear to be one, too.
 What about that little cup they give you?
 Are you impressed by that?
 Yeah, me, too.
 It is. I feel alive.
 Maybe slapped with a fine.
 Uh, maybe it’ll come up when I apply for citizenship. Oh, crap, what if it comes up when I apply for citizenship?
 He’s gonna be here any second, what should we do?
 I thought you were a badass.
 Since you two are gonna be around for Valentine’s, would you mind watching Cinnamon?
 I don’t have plans which is why I booked time on the big telescope that night.
 Except I’ll be alone.
 Thank you. Oh, and I’d like for at least one of us to see some action, so if you guys happen to have sex, it’s cool if she stays in the room.
 Oh, my God, Cinnamon, are you okay? I can’t believe you two. You do whatever it takes to save her life. If she needs new organs, I’ll buy any dog necessary and scrap them for parts.
 Owner, father, soul mate, and if anything happens to her, your worst nightmare.
 Okay. Okay, thank you. Oh, if she’s scared, you can sing to her. She likes Katy Perry. Oh, but don’t do Firework, that gets her all riled up.
 As if Valentine’s Day wasn’t bad enough, you try to kill my dog? And with cheap chocolate, no less?
 Oh, is Cinnamon gonna be okay?
 All right. Uh, would, would it be okay for me to see her? We’re usually in bed by now, and I want her to know that I’m here. Yes, we sleep together, and sometimes we spoon.
 Thank you.
 Oh, yeah?
 She’s gonna be okay; they’re gonna let me take her home.
 Oh. Thank you for taking such good care of my little girl.
 There you go. All cozy wozy. Here, let’s see what the doctor says to keep an eye out for. Hmm. Rajesh, I was dreading Valentine’s Day. Thank you for spending it with me. Yvette. Cinnamon, she-she gave me her phone number. If I’d known it was that easy, I would have considered poisoning you months ago. Oh, what should I say? Oh, I know. I’ll point out her name’s Yvette, and that she’s a vet. That’s hysterical. She’ll love it.
 Oh, actually that’s a Van Dyke. A goatee is just hair on the chin.
 You mean a moo-stache?
 Ha-ha, very funny. Make fun of the foreign guy. For your information, there are four times as many Indians as there are Americans, so the way we say it is right.
 Moo-stache.
 Here, you can have your seat.
 Oh, sure, I sit on the floor for years, no one cares. The pretty white girl’s there ten seconds, and suddenly we’re all running to IKEA.
 Magic wand TV remote?
 Did Bernadette think it was cool?
 Oh, uh, let me try. Uh, channelis changeroni. This might be my second favorite brown magic wand.
 Uh, off. And on. And the Oprah Network. This is so much better than watching TV like a muggle.
 What’s going on? Oh. Wait. On. And off. What’s going on?
 Wow. What did you tell them?
 A second trip to space, I’ll miss you.
 And I just want you to know, I’m happy to look in on Bernadette while you’re gone.
 And if anything were to happen to you, we will name our first born son Howard. I’m just kidding. We’ll name him Dalib, after my grandfather.
 It’s pretty exciting that NASA wants to send Howard back up.
 Course.
 Not at all. He’s forgotten how miserable he was the entire time he was up there. It’s like me in those moments when I miss India.
 Why me?
 That’s the dynamic, I’m the fun one, you’re the buzzkill.
 Do you think this is cool?
 Aha.
 Um, okay. First off, know that we all love you and cherish you.
 Oh, of course.
 Like how women often forget the pain of childbirth.
 And how you threw up in zero gravity, and it floated back in your mouth. And you threw up again. And so on and so on.
 Howard, I’m so sorry your blood pressure was off the charts.
 Screw that! I sat on the floor for seven years. I’m staying right here.
 Fine. But no more making fun of how I say tings.
 Thank you. That was the closest I’ve come to sex in, like, two years.
 You’re only making it seem more real for me.
 Can we please talk about something other than my depressing love life?
 Is that a real book? I would totally read that book.
 While showering topless, 16 minutes after brief side butt during a pillow fight with her sorority sisters.
 If she did, it would be amazing. That woman can do no wrong.
 Ha-a-a. Still funny.
 I was there. It was funny.
 Actually, it’s for both of us. Last night, I watched West Side Story, and I’m a little freaked out by street gangs.
 I don’t appreciate your sarcasm, but we’ve still got two blocks to go, so I’ll put up with it.
 No one was writing me back, so I stopped checking my profile.
 It has been a while since I got my prostate checked.
 What? You’ve kissed, like, once in three years.
 Amy, I could use some help.
 I thought about what you said last night, and I went back on the dating Web site and I was looking at this girl’s profile. She’s amazing.
 And judging by her lack of Adam’s apple, she’s been female her entire life. I like that in a woman.
 Well, I was up all night trying to write to her, but I wanted to run it by you first.
 Emily, your face is like a precious dew-kissed flower.
 I know. Powerful stuff, huh?
 Okay, I’m getting some mixed messages here.
 Yes. Where I can be jealous of the cup touching your ruby lips. Or you just write it for me.
 I don’t want you to pretend to be me. You can be like my, uh, online wingman. Like if we met her at a bar and you talked me up.
 Just tell her what I’m really like. And, if you think it’ll help, that you saw me changing once and my package reminded you of the muscular tail of a jaguar. Use your own words.
 Teams are fun.
 But I’m always on Howard’s team. We’re best friends. The kind who finish each others…
 Do that. See?
 Maybe I can go with you guys to Houston?
 Plane tickets? Yeah.
 Stop that? Okay.
 Hey, you busy?
 Have you heard back from Emily?
 Great. And?
 I give you one simple thing to do, contact a complete stranger and make her fall in love with me, and you blow it.
 I’m not too shy and passive. You write her back and tell her I said that. You know, when you have a second.
 What’s happening tomorrow night?
 What?
 I find a girl I like, and you’re stealing her?
 Your words fall like acid rain on the wounded petals of my heart.
 Hello, Emily.
 Amy told me you were concerned that I might be too passive and shy. Let me ask you something. Would a passive guy barge in here to look you in the eye and say, hey, dew-kissed flower, what’s up?
 Uh, okay, that’s a separate issue. Let’s put a pin in that and just focus on the passive thing.
 Not my best first date. Yeah, but not my worst, either.
 He’s in Texas, he’ll never know.
 Have you heard from Howard?
 Hey, Stuart!
 Good. Sheldon’s out of town, so we can do whatever we want. We even ordered from the Thai place he doesn’t like.
 Stuart? Are you okay?
 Stuart?
 Well, it’s too late.
 He’s been murdered by someone in this room.
 Welcome to another classic Koothrappali murder mystery dinner.
 You can’t leave. You’re a suspect in the mysterious murder of Stuart Bloom.
 Lame characters with silly ac…, what kind of actress are you?
 Thank you.
 Actually, you’re all just gonna be yourselves.
 Very good, Bernadette. You are a regular Byomkesh Bakshi.
 Or is Sherlock Holmes the English Byomkesh Bakshi?
 Great, everyone’s a Byomkesh Bakshi. Now, here are some secret facts about each of you, including whether you are the murderer. Throughout the game, feel free to ask each other questions to uncover clues.
 Any question but that.
 I can’t tell you that. But perhaps the killer dropped a fun and imaginative clue somewhere in the apartment.
 Well, unlike that, my games are much more fun.
 Well, I guess it goes back to when I was a fat kid in India, and didn’t have any friends.
 Yeah, I was. I was 200 pounds by the time I was in middle school. Kids were mean. Cows may be sacred there, but it doesn’t help if you look like one. Anyway, I was pretty lonely, so I had to make up my own stories and games, and I promised myself if I ever made any friends that, that I would play those games with them.
 No, I was svelte as a gazelle. A gazelle blessed with a flair for storytelling.
 From the future? How fun and imaginative.
 Correct.
 Does the smart-ass know that Terminator was actually ripped off from an Outer Limits script called Demon With a Glass Hand, by Harlan Ellison?
 Okay, murder suspects, Leonard has found the time machine the killer must’ve used. You’re all inside it, and we hurtle through the very fabric of time. And welcome to 20 years in the future. Hey, you guys just time-travelled. Stop looking so bored.
 Fine, just try not to look too alive.
 Perhaps this will help. Here are some facts about yourselves in the future that might contain a clue.
 Oh, no. In this game, as your careers both took off, you drifted apart. Kind of like how future me lost touch with you guys after I became boy toy for the wrinkled, but still flexible, Madonna.
 Okay, okay, guys, new back stories. Uh, Penny and Leonard, you two lovebirds are super successful and living in New York. Uh, you’re an actress, you’re a professor and you have three beautiful kids.
 Can we please get back to the game?
 Oh, come on.
 I’m not pouting, I’m brooding. Which is how sexy men pout.
 You’re just saying that.
 Thank you. I thought it was inspired.
 And it’s done.
 Hey. Emily, right?
 I, I don’t know if you remember me.
 Yes, Rajesh Koothrappali. Look, uh, I just, I wanted to say I’m sorry. Okay? You were, like, the coolest person I ever found online, and I got really nervous and I, I just blew it.
 Well, give me a chance, you don’t even know me.
 Ah, really? Thank you. Fate has given me a rare second chance, and I swear to Vishnu I’m not gonna blow it. Or normal words followed by a charming smile.
 And then after coffee, we went for a walk and she told me she always thought people from India were exotic and mysterious. So, with my mouth, I said, we’re just like anybody else, but with my eyes, I said, straight up, Red, hop on my flying carpet.
 Yeah, we have plans this weekend. And if it’s a clear night, I’m gonna lay some romantic astronomy on her.
 I can’t do that to Leonard. This is some powerful panty-dropping stuff.
 Okay. Penny, two of the brightest stars in the night sky are Altair and Vega. And it is said they were deeply in love but forever separated by the celestial river of the Milky Way.
 It is. But once a year, on the seventh day of the seventh month, Vega cries so hard that all the magpies in the world fly up and create a bridge with their wings so the two lovers can be together for a single night of passion.
 Uh, Xbox One.
 Oh, my goodness.
 I just got an e-mail from my ex-girlfriend Lucy. She misses me and wants to get together.
 What am I supposed to do? How am I supposed to choose between Emily and Lucy?
 I can’t date two women at once. Zero women, that’s my sweet spot.
 But what if one of them asks me what I was up to the night before and I was with the other one? Then, what, do I lie?
 Any news on your co-worker who’s in the hospital?
 Oh, no.
 Did he help you make a decision about the movie?
 As a matter of fact, I did. I’ve spent so many years living in fear, saying no to new experiences, but from now on, I’m gonna say yes, yes to love, yes to adventure, yes to life. Whatever it may be, the answer’s going to be yes.
 You look, you look really pretty tonight.
 Thank you. Thanks, thanks. I’m sorry. I can’t do this. My, my ex-girlfriend e-mailed me, and I’m seeing her Saturday, And I’m glad you like it, it’s from J. Crew.
 My friends told me it was okay to see more than one person at a time, but it, it feels like I’m being deceitful.
 No. I, I have no idea. What would you do?
 Well, to be honest, we only went on four dates, hugged twice, kissed once, and there was a handshake loaded with sexual innuendo.
 Yeah.
 Are you, are you sure? Because this is the part of the night where I’ve said something stupid and the girl usually leaves.
 Yeah, but now you make me wonder what’s wrong with you.
 Really? Because I’m dating two women is basically the only cool thing I can say about myself.
 I know. Being an astrophysicist right now is like being a rock star.
 Yeah, literally, none of it.
 Are you kidding me? This may be the biggest scientific breakthrough of our lifetime. How can you, as a theoretical physicist, not care about this?
 Um, kind of hit a bump. When I was honest and told Emily she wasn’t the only person I was seeing, it went great. So I tried the same thing with Lucy.
 She had mixed feelings. But when I said, Emily was cool with it. Emily’s the best. Why can’t you be more like Emily? Those feelings became less mixed.
 At least now I can focus all my energies on just one girl.
 Why the rush? She isn’t going anywhere.
 You’re really going to do this?
 It’s going to be okay.
 Oh, okay, great. But if we’re really gonna do a double date, then we have to go over some ground rules about Emily.
 She’s very real.
 See? This is exactly the kind of thing I’m worried about you saying in front of her.
 You better be. No jokes about how close I am with my dog. Or the truth about how close I am with my dog.
 No jokes about the year I took ballet.
 God, you never listen.
 Hey, guys.
 Emily, these are my good friends, Howard and Bernadette. Guys, this is Emily.
 Since when do you go to spin class?
 Mmm, and you know what that means. Someone’s skin’s about to be softer than ever.
 Oh, uh, Howard was an astronaut. Maybe that’s where you saw him.
 Wh, what happened?
 Get it? Because you clogged up her bathroom like a radioactive monster!
 She’s scary, but it’s a cute scary.
 No problem. How’s your mom feeling?
 You know, when Cinnamon won’t take her medicine, I hide it in a piece of cheese.
 I was thinking we could watch a DVD.
 Actually, how do you feel about watching House of 1000 Corpses?
 I do, but for some reason, Emily loves it and wants to watch it with me tomorrow, so I thought if I start with you first, then I could act cool about it with her.
 Uh, so, you’ll watch it?
 You’re a good friend. I owe you one.
 Not that one.
 Hey. Listen to this. Murder, cannibalism and satanic rituals are just a few of the thousand plus horrors that await.
 You’re a good son. I don’t know how you do it.
 All right, let’s get this over with. Ew, it’s got someone’s hair on it.
 Okay. So, in the last 20 minutes, we’ve seen a crazy woman kissing a fetus in a jar. We’ve seen a guy cut in half and sewn to a fish.
 On the bright side, she didn’t even notice the pill. Why does Emily like this stuff? Do you think there’s something psychologically wrong with her?
 What do you mean?
 I do like that the ex-boyfriend’s out of the picture.
 I’m just gonna say it. That’s not okay. Why can’t I be in a relationship with a girl who likes The Sound of Music?
 What?
 Here we go, House of a 1,000 Corpses.
 Actually, I have to tell you something. These kind of movies really aren’t my thing, so, last night, I watched it just to see what I was getting myself into.
 And I have to be honest, I thought it was disturbing and weird, and it made me wonder what it says about someone who enjoys it.
 Then, why do you watch these things?
 Sure.
 And play.
 May the fourth be with you?
 Hey, Penny. Happy Star Wars Day.
 Can I make you breakfast? Admiral Ackbar’s Snack Bar is open for business.
 And if you’re not in the mood for coffee I can always make you a Chai Tea-3PO.
 Hey, uh, Sheldon, you want anything?
 Before you go, at least let me pack you some Attack of the Scones for the road.
 Ugh, let’s get this over with.
 You know, I heard of this way of watching the movies called the Machete Order, where you watch Episodes IV and V, then skip Episode I, watch II and III as a flashback, and then finish with VI.
 It was just a suggestion.
 Wow.
 Should we try to console him?
 By staying here and watching the movie.
 Mm, true. I do feel guilty about him.
 Maybe we should see how he’s doing.
 But after the cantina scene.
 Hey, we can say it. You can’t.
 Please hurry.
 If she isn’t gonna use it, then why are we doing this?
 All right. Now what?
 Do you know how to set it up?
 So she’s gonna be laid up for at least six weeks.
 So the movie’s not as bad as you thought?
 Thanks for inviting me after everyone else said no. Aren’t you gonna get 3-D glasses?
 Is that a real thing?
 Emily, Hey.
 Uh, this is my friend, Sheldon. Sheldon, this is Emily.
 Are you here alone?
 What do you mean, not really?
 Yeah, okay.
 Uh-huh.
 Yes.
 Thanks for skipping the movie. I couldn’t sit in that theatre for two hours wondering about Emily and that guy.
 You don’t have to make me anything.
 Sorry, I left them in my turban.
 Wouldn’t you be upset if you saw Amy out with someone else?
 But you don’t have sex with her, either.
 To be truthful, Emily and I haven’t dated that long, and we never agreed to be exclusive to each other.
 No.
 I don’t understand it. I’m a nice guy, I have a great job, I’m well-educated, come from a good family. Why don’t women want to be with me?
 What? Don’t send me home. I can’t be alone right now.
 What do you mean?
 Eleven.
 Eleven. Wait. Do I count the 200-pound Sailor Moon girl that Howard and I had a threesome with at Comic Con?
 I’ll stick with eleven. She liked Howard better.
 Maybe. I, I don’t know.It’s late, I should, I should go. Look, I do get what you’re saying. Instead of desperately clinging to any woman who will go out with me, I need to work on my fear of being alone.
 Hey.
 Of course. Please, come in.
 Uh, look, you and I haven’t made any commitments to each other.
 It’s okay.
 Well, I mean, yeah, it freaked me out a little, but that’s my issue, not yours.
 Thank you. Not just for being upset, but for believing that could happen.
 Well, me, neither.
 Okay. Please. So, uh, you, you have tattoos?
 I don’t. I have a hole in my belly button that may or may not have been a piercing.
 It’s a piercing. So, uh, how many tattoos?
 It’s, uh, been a long time since I’ve seen a girl’s really not her shoulder.
 But, uh, before I take my shirt off, I just need like ten minutes to do some crunches.
 What up, guys?
 And I thought me having sex with Emily was gonna be the big news.
 Boy, I’m so hungry today. I wonder why?
 You know what? That may be it. By the way, it isn’t like riding a bike. Like, I fell off a few times.
 When I’m feeling low, I have sex with a girl. But that’s just me.
 Dude, I’m so sorry.
 We’re here for you, man. Whatever you need, okay?
 Sure, of course. Oh, actually, Emily was gonna spend the night.
 Well, I can’t take all the credit. She let me do it to her, but, uh, but I can always call her and cancel.

