 It’s fantastic. Unbelievable.
 Why?
 Smooth.
 Are there any chopsticks?
 Also, the pretty girl left.
 Ooh, she’s standing very close to me. Oh my, she does smell good. What is that, vanilla?
 She’s so chatty. Maybe my parents are right. Maybe I’d be better off with an Indian girl. We’d have the same cultural background, and my wife would sing to my children the same lullabies my mother sang to me.
 She asked me a question. I should probably nod.
 Oh-oh. Turn your pelvis. 
 Hello. Sorry I’m late. But I was in the hallway, chatting up Penny.
 Actually, I was less the chatter than the chattee.
 Well, she was upset at first, but, probably because her sister shot somebody. Then there was something about you and… then she hugged me.
 intoxicating, isn’t it?
 Oooh.
 Blowing the gates. Control, shift, B! Oh, my God, so many goblins!
 I’ve got him Leonard. Tonight I spice my meat with goblin blood!
 Oooh, he’s got me.
 He’s selling the Sword of Azeroth on ebay.
 What’s the matter.
 Like who?
 You might be bound by them right now.
 Also, Sheldon may be a robot.
 You could power down.
 Oh, God, Look at this buffet. I love America.
 Of course, but it’s all Indian food. You can’t find a bagel in Mumbai to save your life. Schmear me.
 Why don’t you just have Robert E. Lee charge the line with Shiva and Ganesh.
 Excuse me, Ganesh is the remover of obstacles, and Shiva is the destroyer. When the smoke clears, Abraham Lincoln will be speaking Hindi and drinking mint juleps.
 Oh dear.
 She didn’t take my order.
 Nevertheless, this will be reflected in her tip.
 A little bird told us. Apparently you are a magnificent beast.
 Okay, if no-one else will say it, I will. We really suck at paintball.
 Make way for the fastest man alive. Oh no!
 Or, we could walk right behind each other all night and look like one person going really fast.
 Agreed.
 Damn!
 Hey. Sorry I’m late, but my hammer got stuck in the door on the bus.
 What? Just because I’m Indian I can’t be a Norse God? No, no, no, Raj has to be an Indian God. That’s racism. I mean, look at Wolowitz, he’s not English, but he’s dressed like Peter Pan. Sheldon(entering in a body suit featuring black and white vertical lines) is neither sound nor light, but he’s obviously the Doppler Effect.
 Really, because I saw Peter Pan, and you’re dressed exactly like Cathy Rigby. She was a little bigger than you, but it’s basically the same look, man.
 Mmmm, by Odin’s beard, this is good Chex Mix.
 Penny is wearing the worst Catwoman costume I have ever seen, and that includes Halle Berry’s.
 What is your move?
 Oh, if only I had his confidence. I have such difficulty speaking to women. Or around women. Or at times, even effeminate men.
 Oh, that’s very impressive. And a little racist.
 We can split it two, two and two.
 Oh, sure, cut the foreigner in half, there’s a billion more where he came from.
 What do you suppose she meant by that?
 We could cut it into thirds.
 That works.
 Can we please make a decision, not only are there children starving in India, there’s an Indian starving right here.
 Uurgh.
 How about soup?
 What’s happening to us? We’re falling apart.
 I thought she was the whore of Omaha?
 I can’t see him.
 I’m all out.
 There are no rules in hell!
 All I’ve got is a needler, and I’m all out of ammo.
 What?
 And this is Leonard and Sheldon’s apartment.
 May I present, live from New Delhi, Dr and Mrs V. M. Koothrappali.
 Sorry papa.
 And over here is Sheldon.
 He lives with Leonard.
 No, no, not like Haroun and Tanweer.
 Papa, please don’t start.
 Okay, that’s my life, that’s my friends, good to see you, say goodbye.
 What is it papa.
 The little fat girl that used to kick me in the samosas and call me untouchable.
 Why did you do that?
 But Papa, I’m not supposed…
 Spring wedding?
 If you don’t want to meddle, then why are you meddling.
 Why are you telling me about my own culture?
 Sorry, Mommy, Papa, but with all due respect I really can’t go through…
 I don’t believe it.
 Excuse me, hello? My parents are trying to marry me off to a total stranger, what am I going to do?
 What?
 Okay, I know what I’m going to do.
 Find new friends.
 Oh dear, I am rightly and truly screwed.
 I’ve got some feelers out. In the meantime, listen to this.
 Can you believe how pushy she is?
 If I don’t call her, I won’t hear the end of it from my parents.
 How can I call her, you know I can’t talk to women.
 Why?
 What are you doing?
 For what, making me sound like a Simpsons character?
 I didn’t want to make this one.
 Great, then we’ll get married, I won’t be able to talk to her, and we’ll spend the rest of our lives in total silence.
 Where did my life go, Penny? One day I’m a carefree batchelor, and the next I’m married and driving a minivan to peewee cricket matches in suburban New Delhi.
 Is there another Penny here? I had such plans. I had dreams. I was going to be the Indira Gandhi of particle astro-physics. But with a penis, of course.
 Ever since I was a little boy my father wanted me to be a gynaecologist like him. How can I be a gynaecologist, I can barely look a woman in the eye. You know what, I’m not going to let my parents control my future any longer, it’s time for a showdown. Somebody give me a computer with a webcam.
 And it’s about to tell my parents that I’m not riding an elephant down the aisle with Lalita Gupta.
 Haven’t you been listening to me, I cannot talk to women.
 You’re right. I… I am talking to you. Hello Penny, how are you?
 Okay, now I just need to make sure I have a Lalita before I meet the grasshopper. It’s a sweet green miracle.
 Overdo what? Happiness? Freedom? This warm glow inside of me that promises everything is going to be all hunky donkey?
 Okay.
 I can’t believe I’m sitting here next to little Lalita Gupta.
 Little Lalita. That’s kind of fun to say. Little Lalita, Little Lalita, Little Lalita, you should try it.
 You have lost so much weight! That must have been difficult for you because you were so, so fat! Do you remember?
 Of course you do. Who could forget being that fat?
 So you’re a dental student? Hmm, are you aware that dentists have an extremely high suicide rate? Not as high as, say, air traffic controllers, but then there are far more dentists than air traffic controllers, so in pure numbers you’re still winning.
 Hey guys. This is Lalita Gupta, Lalita this is Leonard and Sheldon and Howard and Penny. Isn’t it great, she isn’t fat any more!
 But you’re a dentist, he’s nuts.
 Back off Sheldon.
 If you do not stop hitting on my lady you will feel the full extent of my wrath.
 You are my lady. Our parents said so. We are for all intents and purposes one hundred percent hooked up.
 Oh, screw Princess Punchali.
 But you’re not Princess Punchali.
 What just happened?
 Maybe you should keep your eye on the ball, Papa.
 But he’s right, Papa, listen to him. You! You are the one who ruined everything!
 Go ahead, tell my parents why they won’t have any grandchildren.
 This has nothing to do with my sperm count.
 Yes Mommy.
 Can we please stop talking about my testicles? Sheldon, tell them what you did.
 Sorry? That’s all you can say is sorry?
 I’m not an alcoholic.
 It was just this one time, Papa, I swear.
 But Papa, please….
 I have to go.   
 Please wait until I get into the hall.
 Go for stereo.
 I don’t want to be in a jar. I want my brain in an android body. Eight feet tall and ripped.
 I suppose you could have your android penis circumcised. But that’s something your Rabbi would have to discuss with the manufacturers.
 Hoo-hoo-hoo. The only thing missing from that insult was “yo mamma.”
 Somebody got the whole thing on a cell phone and put it on youtube.
 Why not?
 Oh, too bad. I’ve always wanted to go to Long Beach.
 Sounds fun.
 Shotgun.
 Well I’d like to point out, I voted for orang-utan, but you shouted me down. 
 You did what you had to do. 
 Here we go, ten and a half hours of apey goodness.
 Well if you leave now, you can be back before the gorillas rip the crap out of Charlton Heston.
 How about Lasic?
 Would you rather go back to the apartment and deal with Sheldon, or have a stranger carve out your corneas with a laser beam?
 The living room appears to be empty.
 No way, Jose.
 The… the picture’s breaking up.
 Go away. 
 Do you know what he did. He watched me work for ten minutes, and then started to design a simple piece of software that could replace me.
 As it turns out, yes.
 Well, what if something were to happen to this boy so he was no longer a threat to Sheldon?
 We can’t send him back to North Korea. He knows how to get out.
 She was sleeping with you?
 It’s possible she may have misunderstood us.
 Oh, yes. There was a very official email that was sent to everyone whose insurance files indicated they had daughters between the ages of 14 and 16.
 Thank you.
 We need a social catalyst.
 Okay. How about that one.
 Are you crying?
 Okay, uh, how about her?
 Okay, so not her either. How about her?
 I can’t talk to her, you do it.
 You know, if we were in India this would be simpler. Five minutes with her dad, twenty goats and a laptop and we’d be done.
 Alright, why don’t we do it your way then? We’ll arrange for this girl to move in across the hall from Dennis so he can pathetically moon over her for months on end.
 You started it, dude.
 Unbelievable.
 Forget the mission, how did that little yutz get a girl on his own?
 Maybe we’re too smart. So smart it’s offputting.
 Hey, look at that. It’s Dennis Kim.
 You know, I kind of feel bad about what we did to him. 
 I’d be more interested in a scene depicting Spock’s conception.
 How come on Star Trek everybody’s private parts are the same. No alien lady ever told Captain Kirk, hey, get your thing out of my nose.
 Good story. 
 Okay. First order of physics bowl business. We need a truly kick-ass team name. Suggestions.
 I like it.
 Then we can be the Bengal Tigers.
 Maybe so. But you can’t incinerate a Bengal Tiger with a magnifying glass.
 He’s using psychological warfare. We must reply in kind. I say we wait until he looks at us, then laugh like, yes, you are a smart and strong competitor, but we are also smart and strong and we have a reasonable chance of defeating you.
 Hee hee hee hee hee hee hee!
 Hee hee hee hee hee hee hee!
 You know who’s apparently very smart, is the girl who played TV’s Blossom. She got a PhD in neuroscience or something.
 How about the girl from the Wonder Years?
 Why? Because you slept together and when she was done with you she discarded you like last night’s chutney?
 Yeah. Sack up, dude.
 Hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee.
 Sheldon can suck on, the Casimir Effect.
 Holy crap.
 What did they give you?
 Boy, Sophie could have used a time machine in that movie. Did you see it, it’s rough.
 It’s only $800?
 Fifteen seconds.
 Ten, nine, eight…
 Five.
 Four.
 Three.
 Two.
 One.
 Congratulations, you are the proud owner of a miniature time machine.
 A time share time machine? I’m in. Sheldon?
 Did the listing actually say miniature?
 Cocktain shrimp are $12.50.
 I can’t feel my fingers, hurry up.
 Sheldon?
 If my fingers ever work again, I’ve got a job for the middle one.
 In a minute. Howard stepped outside to throw up.
 Oh yeah. The guy who lives next to me is always like, I have a Jacuzzi on my balcony, I have a Jacuzzi on my balcony. But wait until I tell him, I’ve got a time machine on my balcony. Stuff that in your speedos, Jacuzzi Bob!
 He’s got a point.
 I still want it on my balcony. I say we move it on a bi-monthly basis.
 Twice a month.
 Okay, every other month.
 Also, since the time machine doesn’t move in space, you’ll end up in 1876 Pasadena.
 Mrs Bell was deaf, she’s not even going to hear you knock.
 Ooh, how far into the future?
 My turn.
 My turn!
 We brought food.
 Why?
 I’ll give you a hundred dollars, which will make me half owner, and we’ll put it on my balcony.
 Dude, everyone knows a time machine loses half its value the minute you drive it off the lot.
 Three hundred, and I’ll throw in my original 1979 Mattel Millenium Falcon with real light speed sound effects.
 More importantly, you’ve a Darth Vader voice changer?
 Oh, I call dibs on the Golden Age Flash.
 Too bad, I called dibs.
 I can and I did, look up dibs on Wikipedia.
 Why Larry? Did Larry call dibs?
 I’ll match it, plus a thousand rupees.
 None of your business. Take it or leave it.
 Okay, Leonard, put down the box, let’s talk.
 Psh, what a bunch of crybabies. No guts, no glory man.
 We are testing a new medication for social anxiety, panic attacks, agoraphobia and obsessive compulsive disorder. Why would they be looking for test subjects here?
 Hey, guess what. I’ve been accepted as a test subject for a new miracle drug to overcome pathological shyness.
 Yes, I’m very hopeful. Hello Missy. They mentioned there may be side effects.
 So, Missy. Have you ever met a man from the exotic subcontinent of India?
 Ah yes, Dr Patel, good man.
 A hog? You have a two cylinder scooter with a basket on the front.
 Have you ever heard of the Kama Sutra?
 The Indian sex book. In other words if you wonder wonder who wrote the book of love, it was us.
 Missy, do you enjoy pajamas?
 We Indians invented them. You’re welcome.
 Why should I back off, you back off dude.
 Hey, look at me, I don’t have a foreskin.
 I am Shiva the destroyer, I will have the woman!
 I’m not happy, it’s the medication, I can’t stop smiling. 
 Excuse me, but I think you’re missing a big opportunity here.
 Everybody knows genetic diversity produces the strongest offspring. Why not put a little mocha in the family latte.
 I think you’re focussing entirely too much on the drugs.
 She’s not hiding. She needed privacy to call her grandmother who’s apparently very sick. Oh, and then I believe she has to wash her hair.
 Don’t start with me dude.
 Thank you. I apprec…. apprec…. appreeee…. oh-oh.
 Keebler Elf? I’ve got your Keebler Elf right here. Okay, it’s a stalemate.
 Dude! Everybody left an hour ago! Surprise!
 Okay Leonard, here I am at your birthday party, I don’t know where you are dude, but it’s really kick-ass. Everyone is very very drunk, and uh…  Oh look, there’s a girl taking her shirt off.
 Oh sweet Krishna, shake it, that-a rupee maker.
 Hey, look, I found an iPod.
 What else? Sell it on ebay as slightly used.
 Sure. Tell us again how you screwed up and got Penny back together with her old boyfriend.
 Enslaved by warlocks, stay here till you roll 2, 4 or 6…7
 Incredible. You managed to screw up the screw-up.

