 Amy? Amy. Amy? Will you marry me? One moment, please.
 It's Leonard. I don't want to be rude. Hello?
 Oh, I'm sorry, my phone was on "airplane" mode. 
 Because I was on an airplane.
 I came to Princeton to see Amy. It's a funny story, actually. I was having lunch with Dr. Nowitzki, and she kissed me.
 And in that moment, I realized that Amy was the only woman I ever wanted to kiss for the rest of my life. So I came to New Jersey to ask her to marry me.
 Yeah, although there was one man whose blessing I needed first.
 I've thought about it, and I really want to spend the rest of my life with Amy. Do I have your blessing?
 Stephen Hawking's a genius. If he said no, I wasn't gonna waste my time on her father.
 I did. He said yes. Although, not in a robot voice, so it wasn't nearly as cool.
 We're not engaged, yet. She's taking forever to answer.
 We'll call you back.
 She said yes. 
 Mother, I have some good news to share. 
 Well, God had nothing to do with it. It happened because I was kissing another woman, and it made me realize I wanted to be with Amy. 
 Wait, oh, and I just... I want to let you know right now that we are not getting married in a church. 
 Well, he won't be at our wedding. 
 Okay, well, then, he's your plus-one. You don't get to bring anyone else. 
 Love you, too. Bye. 
 We're engaged. 
 Well, Dr. Nowitzki was kissing me... 
 All right, I'm all checked in to my flight.
 I came here to propose. If you'd said no, I wouldn't want to stick around looking at your stupid face. Now, mind you, your face is only stupid in the "no" version of the story. 
 Yes, you do, smart face.
 Well, I don't have any other clothes.
 Oh, I don't know, I'm pretty particular.
 Perfect, let's go shopping.
 Aw, you're nagging me. It's like we're already married.
 Geez, save some for the honeymoon. 
 Oh, hello. 
 Oh. Well, that's very kind of you. If you'd like, I could autograph your menus after dinner, yeah? But I better not see those on eBay. 
 Oh! That wasn't hard, she threw herself at me. Now, getting the universe to show me its naughty bits, that-that took some doing.
 Oh, no, I love it. No, but let's talk about work. Amy's work, my work. Yeah, why don't we start with my work? 
Really? That's your question? What are you, Entertainment Tonight? You know what? Let me give you a better question. Here, um, "Dr. Cooper, I heard you were working on a top-secret project for the U.S. military. Why don't you tell us about that?" See, that's a great question. 
 Oh, I can't tell you that, it's top-secret.
 Boy, that was exhausting. You know, no offense, but your colleagues were pretty rude. 
 Yes. They just kept talking about you and how great you are, no matter how many times I brought me up. 
 Because I was there. It's like having Optimus Prime over to dinner and not asking him to turn into a truck. 
 Oh, I am sorry. What, is Neil deGrasse Tyson hiding behind the couch? because if he is, he's not that smart, it's pretty dusty back there. Hey, where are you going?
 Well, then where am I supposed to storm off to? 
 Is there another bedroom? Perhaps a-a den? 
  Is this how our marriage is going to be? Sometimes people will be more interested in talking to her than to me? 
 Yes. I needed a place to storm off to and it was all that was available. 
 Those people were in the presence of a world-class mind, and all they wanted to talk about was their own nonsense. 
 Amy. There's something I need to say to you. 
 I've been thinking about the Avengers.
 I realized that Iron Man is great. And also, that Captain America is great. And sometimes, Iron Man is in a Captain America movie, and he's not mad it's not an Iron Man movie. You know, he can fly in, give the audience a thrill, and then fly away. And that should've been me tonight. I should've been the delightful cameo in your movie. 
 Instead, I was like the Hulk, and I... 
 Anyway. I'm proud of you. And I'm going to try to do a better job of sharing the spotlight because we're a team. You know? Much like t-the Dodgers. If they had superpowers, and fought crime. And Thor was in them. 
 I-It could take that long, I'm really bad at it. You know, maybe, um, I should start right now, and go back to Pasadena and let you have this experience to yourself. 
 You know, your colleagues are right, you are brilliant. 
 Hello. 
 H-Hey, her eyes are up there. 
 Uh, One dumpling left. Who wants it? 
 And that would be... 
 Well, you never said it to my face. And the last time I assumed a woman was pregnant, it did not go over well. 
 You were drinking water instead of wine. What was I supposed to think? 
 Congratulations. How far along are you? 
 Only three? Good gravy, how many babies are in there? 
  Really? You? Well, they picked the right person for the job. 
 I think he bought it.
 I told him his voice was annoying. He didn't want to listen. 
 You're saying it's not? 
 Supportive? He publicly maligned the love of my life, Lady Physics.
 ( scoffs ) 
 I think I just said it. P-F-F. Pff!
 Oh, what would you know about the truth? You thought Phantom Menace was "not half bad." 
 Very well. Leonard? 
 Pff! 
 Hello. 
 Oh, I have. Uh, dark matter, uh, reconciling gravity and quantum mechanics. Supersymmetry. I've figured out the biggest problems in physics today. 
 No, I just, I figured out that they're the biggest problems. 
 Absolutely not. And I do not want to talk about Leonard. Can we please just talk about anything else? 
 Walked right into that one, didn't I? 
 Well, congratulations. I got some new equipment, too. I got these markers. They smell like fruit. Which I did not notice when I bought them. Don't really care for it. 
 Hmm. Hmm. Oy. 
 What? Look, I know you're mad, but I have to write a statement that says the physics community is close to a breakthrough, and since you actually believe that, I could really use your help. 
 Sorry, I can't. 
  I can't, because I think you were right.
 Look. Not all science pans out. You know, we've been hoping supersymmetry was true for decades, and finally, we built the Large Hadron Collider, which is supposed to prove it by finding these new particles, and it-it hasn't. And maybe supersymmetry, our last big idea, is simply wrong. 
 Well, on the bright side, after working together for 15 years, you finally get to hear me say, "You were right." 
 How's it feel? 
 Read it back to me? 
 Okay. Um... Oh, oh! "On the other hand, contrary to predictions, the collider didn't create a small black hole that devoured the Earth and life as we know it. So, s-- money well spent." 
 Uh, not surprisingly, when Penny moved out, she took every last drop. Um... Oh, but I do have several bottles of Romulan ale that I bought at Comic-Con. 
 You-- first, physics, now Romulan ale. What else would you like to defecate on? 
 I-It's Romulan ale, from Star Trek. 
 All I know is it looks like I tongue-kissed Avatar. 
 It's fine. I don't need to be a theoretical physicist. There's lots of things I could use this brain for. I could be an accountant for the mob. I could guess people's weight at the fair. PENNY
 Is it? 180. 
 Penny, Richard Feynman is an iconic phys...
 I'm sure they keep a lid on that to avoid traffic jams. 
 You know, Feynman used to say he didn't do physics for the glory or the awards, but just for the fun of it. 
 Um, I'm the one who remembered it. 
 Here comes some more.
 Hmm. Some news of our wedding. I have sent you all a "save the date" e-mail. 
 Better. I picked 80 dates. And I need you to save them all until we narrow it down.
 That's the day after Flag Day. Everyone'll be partied out.
  It's not just a date-- it's a textbook optimization problem. There is a perfect date-- just like there's a perfect room temperature and a perfect dessert. 
 Yellow cake in the shape of a dinosaur with chocolate frosting, a scoop of vanilla ice cream on the side, not touching.
  You'll see. You'll have it at our wedding. 
 You give me enough time, I can do the same thing with a wedding date-- it needs to be on the weekend, uh, not near any of your birthdays, or the weekend of Comic Con. 
 Good morning. 
 That's fine. I'll have anything. 
 Yeah. You know... whatever. 
 You know what I like? Smooth jazz. 
 Hello.
 Well, I found the perfect wedding date. 
 No, it's not. It was May 19, 1996. We would have had a lovely wedding. And our honeymoon would have coincided with the first appearance of the Hale-Bopp comet. 
 And in Texas-- no one would have batted an eye. Oh, wait, it's no good. That's the day that Jon Pertwee, the third Doctor Who, died. 
 Hey-hey, I said it's no good-- just let it go. 
 No, the wedding isn't making me miserable, the calendar is. Why can't there just be one week each month for famous people to die? 
 This is so frustrating. Why can't I find a perfect date? I found the perfect way to say hi to cowboys.
 Whatever? I'm sorry, you're really not gonna finish that word? 
 Finish the word, Amy. 
 Thank you. Only now you owe me three more whatevs. 
 Oh, I don't care. You know me-- I just go with the flow. Beach, public pool... They both sound awesome. 
 On second thought, beach. I'd like to befriend a seagull. 
 I'm up for anything, as long as I'm with you. What are you listening to? 
 Oh, come on, I want to hear. We don't need GPS. Let's just see where the road takes us. I see why you turned it off. That guy sounds like an idiot. 
 Don't be silly. My voice is deep and sonorous. Like a Caucasian James Earl Jones. "Luke, I am your father." See? 
 Oh, look-- a hitchhiker. I bet he has some interesting stories. That's me? 
 So you spied on me in my sleep? 
 Well, it doesn't. 
 Don't try to put science lipstick on your New Age pig! And for the record, you make noises when you sleep, and I've never accused you of repressing your inner chainsaw. 
  I know. Laundry on a Wednesday. It's the madness my life has become. 
 It's simple. I don't like the idea that my mind might be keeping an entire personality from me. Dr. Jekyll's other personality was Mr. Hyde. Mr. Hyde. Didn't have a postgraduate degree. 
 Well, that's nonsense. You name one little change I was upset with. 
 That is not the rainbow I grew up tasting. 
 So you're proposing that the self is an illusion, and that we actually have multiple centers of consciousness that are communicating with one another? 
 Huh. Interesting. So you don't believe there's a Cartesian self that underlies the flux of experience?
 Okay. Well, assuming you're right, what would you suggest I do? 
 Oh. You know, I have always been intrigued by flip-flops. The official footwear of the laid-back fellow. 
 Of course if my feet are gonna be exposed, I'll need to update my tetanus booster. PENNY
 And while I'm there, I may as well get a flu shot and a mole check. 
 Ooh! Well, it's been nice knowing you. 
 Hello. 
 So, um, I, uh... I got flip-flops. 
  After I got the flip-flops, I realized that the tops of my feet were exposed, so, um, I-I put on some sunscreen, which caused my feet to become slippery. And predictably, one of them fell off and went down a sewer grate. Now, normally, I would have walked away, but this is a new, laid-back me, so, instead of getting upset, I just reached down to grab it. That's when I touched something furry... ...which I'm telling myself was a damp toupee. When the toupee licked my hand... ...I screamed and hopped down the street on my remaining flip-flop. 
 No, this is a long story. Why don't we please save your questions till the end? So, I-I finally came upon a bus bench where I sat and removed one of my shirts and, uh, fashioned it into a makeshift shoe. Not a waterproof shoe. That is relevant to the next part of my story. The ankle-deep puddle of warm apple juice. 
 Maybe, maybe not. I'm telling myself a lot of things, Amy. 
 What happened to your other flip-flop? 
 Oh, well, that involves what I am telling myself was a... melted candy bar. 
 Yes. I want you to be in charge of our wedding. Just you tell me where and when, and I will show up with a boutonniere and close-toed shoes and a... a Star Trek uniform underneath my tuxedo. That last part is non-negotiable. 
 As sure as I'm about to go bathe in Purell. 
 I love you, too. 
 Sure. Sounds wonderful. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go clean up. Outdoor wedding. I know what I'll be using that cliff for. 
 I call this meeting of the Council of Sheldons to order. Let's take roll. Science Sheldon? Present. Texas Sheldon? Howdy. Fanboy Sheldon? Greetings. Germaphobe Sheldon? Say it, don't spray it. Where's Jock Sheldon? Not the time, Humorous Sheldon! Okay, new business. Do we grant Laid-Back Sheldon a seat on the council? Hey, whatever you guys want. I'm just chilling like Bob Dylan. Negative. Heck, no! I don't feel well. Can we kick him out, too?
 As the saying goes, "Those who can't do, teach" 
 Yes. And this baby will have plenty of manly role models. Now, I'm certain that whatever Bernadette can't teach him, Penny can. 
 Model rockets. Finally, something interesting. What is your preferred mode of recovery? 
 And we got to model rockets, yeah? It was a tedious road, but well worth the effort. AMY
 Amy. We finally got to model rockets. Why are you turning back? 
 Had it. Had it. Burnt down my garage with it. 
  You have a replica Saturn V? 
 Lucky duck. 
 No, it's not silly. I always wanted my dad to build rockets with me, but he wasn't interested. 
 I suppose, in his own way, my dad also encouraged me to pursue science. I mean, he is the one that taught me that flatulence is combustible. And also, polyester gym shorts don't burn. They melt.
 Oh, I see. Oh, you think that's a positive. 
 You can't eat peanuts. You're allergic. If you die, who's going to drive me home? 
 That sounds like a silly superstition. 
 Oh! I do love a tradition. Could you pull over at the next peanut store?
 Oh, don't be pedantic. Any nut store will do. 
  Ah, well, then this whole day's ruined. 
 Whew! That was close. 
 Wait, what are you doing? It's "T-minus" 
 But this is a Saturn V, and when they launched those, they said "T-minus" 
  Fine. I'm not saying I know why your dad left, but I think I'm getting an idea.
 Because you're kind of bossy. 
 I remember them going up higher. 
 Well, if you want to see it again, I got it on video. Looks pretty cool in slow motion. HOWARD
 You're welcome. 
 How dare you! 
 What do you know about raising a girl? 
 Well, I don't know if that was sarcasm or not. So, either you're welcome, or hey!
 Reason number 13 to feel good
 Well, how about this, then? You quit your whining before I give you something to cry about, young man. 
 Those are comforting words my father would often say. 
  I turned out great. You tell me. 
 Are you gonna be this mopey all the way home? 
 There any chance you'd be cheered up by an amazing trigonometry riddle? Well, if you can't answer that, there's no way you're gonna get this riddle. 
 You know, studies have shown that people distracted by emotional issues are poor drivers. 
 That would be hard to test, because irritating is a subjective quality.
 Can I drive? 
 Actually, I do. 
 Three years ago. I went on a bit of a license kick. I'm also a commercial fisherman. HOWARD
 Honestly, I barely passed my test. And the one time I drove on my own, I made a U-turn, got dizzy, threw up and walked home. 
 It seems like the perfect time. The roads are straight, there's no one around, and you don't seem to care if you live or die. 
 That makes things a little trickier, but I'll do my best. 
 Thank you. The last time I drove, I was terrified, but this is fun. 
 You're a good teacher. Your son is going to be lucky to have you as a father. 
 Do you think I could try going a little faster? 
 Ow. 
 Why was I scared of this? This is exhilarating! 
 Don't tell me what to do! You're not my father! 
 112. 
 Okay, here's the plan. 
 Fine. There you go. You know what, you can just keep it.
 Well, now, this works out great. Howard's an engineer. I'm sure he knows someone qualified. 
 Really? Because you've been controlling human arms with your brain for years and not much has come of it.
Hello. 
 Well, remember how disappointed you were when Amy started driving me to work? LEONARD
 Yeah, well, good news, Amy had to go in early to show Howard around her lab, so you get to drive me. 
 Oh, and I've got a new car game we can play. It's called "what siren am I?" 
  ( imitates melodic siren wailing ) 
 Oh. So close. Belgian ambulance. All right, you ready for your next one? Just a warning, this one's a little annoying.
 Aw, right in the middle of our fun game. 
 Eh. It's all right, I suppose. Uh, when-- usually when Amy complains about her coworkers, I just tune her out, but now I'll be able to join in and pound away. 
 Of course not. The only engineer I'm jealous of is the one who blows the train whistle. Ooh, that just gave me an idea for a new game, "what whistle am I?"
 For your information, it was going to be tea kettle, but the tea kettle was on a train, so I'll give it to you. 
 Hello.
 Well, I just came by to see how you two were getting along. 
 Oh, that's nice to hear. I was hoping you two would enjoy working together. 
 It's Morse code. So we can talk about... ...without hurting... 's feelings.
 Oh. All right. 
 She's going to be home at "eight-ish." Like, when is that? 8
 No, thank you. I don't think I'd be very good company tonight. 
 Well, ever since Amy started working with Howard, she hasn't been home. 
 And has she been home? 
 I-It does. I get that. 
 I suppose. Ah, maybe it's not that big a deal. 
 Okay.
 Welcome home. How was work? 
 That's enough about work. Aw, you just got here. You need to sit down and let me pamper you. 
 I got you a little something to help you relax. 
 The notes from our quantum cognition project. I thought we could spend the evening grinding away on it. 
 Of Howard, I know. So how about you and me make some beautiful science together? 
 You know what? There was a time that you would've been happy to stay up and collaborate all night with me. And then wake up in the morning and do it some more. 
 No. If you're just gonna make me do all the work, then go to bed. But don't be surprised if you walk out here and catch me doing it myself. 
 And now they're working on a Saturday? Can you believe them? Like, is this how you envisioned your weekend? 
 This whole thing is maddening. 
 Hey. You're complaining, too. "Sheldon, why are you here?" "Sheldon, the applesauce is for the baby." 
 I just wish I could make Howard feel as angry as I'm feeling. 
 Like what? 
 No. 
 Ooh. What kind of chores? 
 That's great. Oh, he'll be so mad smoke will be coming out of his ears. And then the smoke detectors will detect it. Wait, wait, now, hold on. Why'd you ask me about Tom Sawyer? 
 Well, you are sweeter than your applesauce. 
 Okay, I put new batteries in the smoke detectors. 
 I sure did. Ooh. He's gonna be steamed. Just like his dress shirts. 
 Oh, that's what he thinks. Where's your steel wool? 
 We make quite the team. 
 Well, don't worry. He won't be having any fun when he gets home. I did all his favorite chores. 
 Wait, then why would Bernadette tell me that... Bernadette. Did you play on my well established gullibility to clean your house? 
 Well, I would storm out of here, but I already have the gloves and the steel wool, and I really do love cleaning an oven. Move. She made me do all her chores, and it wasn't even her idea-- she stole it from Tom Sawyer. 
  It is a big deal. Howard's getting Amy used to laughing and listening to music. What if she expects that madness at home?
 Thank you. I'm just so angry. 
 W-Wait, what book? 
 Wh-What makes you think you can treat me like a child?
 That's because the adult shampoo burns my man eyes. 
 Agreed. I don't need Amy to watch a movie. I can not hold your hand just as easily. In the book this is based on, that man's the killer.
Oh, my goodness. 
 They're going to start making Professor Proton's science show again.
 No, not yet, and it won't be easy. Arthur Jeffries was an accomplished scientist.
 Oh, you've already got Doctor Who and the Ghostbusters. Leave us something. 
 Well, it should be a scientist I respect. You know, someone with a pleasing voice and symmetrical facial features. 
 I just know how much Professor Proton touched me as a child, and I feel that I owe it to him to try and touch as many children as possible. 
 Yeah, almost. I'm working on my facial expressions. See, uh, I've got interested. Hmm. I've got very interested. Hmm. Enraged. 
 Hmm. Better to have it and not need it than to need it and not have it. 
 Hello. I am theoretical physicist, Dr. Sheldon Cooper, auditioning for the role of Professor Proton. Now, excuse me while I get into character. Hello. I am Professor Proton. And today, boys and girls, we're going to have fun with science. Did you know you could calculate the mass of an electron using household items? It's true. All you'll need is a pencil, some paper, dry ice, rubbing alcohol, and a spool of 50-micron-thick cobalt-60 wire. And, remember, don't put it in your mouth, or instead of becoming a scientist, you'll become wildly radioactive. 
 So you see, boys and girls, H, or helicity, is the natural variable to use relativistically and is defined as S dot P, divided by the magnitude of P. So the next time someone on the playground tells you you can only use integral values for the matrix that determines the spin of the antiproton, you stop being friends with that kid, because he's going nowhere. Until next week, this is Professor Proton saying, 01000010 01111001 01100101. That's "bye" in ASCII binary, or good-binary. So, what do you think? 
 Hey! That's what you used to tell me to say to Penny after one of her terrible plays. 
 Of course. 
 What are you saying?
 Well, you want me to lie? 
 Interesting. You know, I hadn't really thought of it that way. It-It's similar to how I'm afraid of dogs, but my D&D character likes dogs, you know? But he's allergic, so he can't be around them. 
 Mm, I suppose. And, you know, maybe I could even get some tips from someone who's acted professionally. 
 I don't know what to say. 
 I need an acting coach. 
 Would you give me Patrick Stewart's number?
 Fine. I guess you can do it. 
 Wheaton! 
 Hello, Arthur. 
 I suppose you're here because you heard the news? 
 You're a grumpy figment. Look, they're remaking your show, and they cast Wil Wheaton as Professor Proton. And the worst part is, he's not even a scientist. 
 We have to stop this and protect your legacy. 
 I can't believe you don't care.
 Well, I care, a lot, and Wil Wheaton will rue the day he ever met me. 
 Ugh. 
 No. No, all these comments online about Wil, they're nothing but supportive and kind. Where's the mean, snarky Internet that shows up every time I get a haircut?
 Well, luckily, I got the number of the company who's trying to reboot the show, so I need you all to call and register your displeasure. 
 Not true. I know of three calls they've received already
 Come on. How many times have we banded together to try to save a show that we loved? L-Let's shake things up and try to kill one. 
 Who cares about kids and what they like? This is about me and something I liked when-when I was a kid. 
 That's even worse. If-if I like it, I'll feel like I'm being disloyal to Arthur. He was a mentor and a friend, and I won't toss him aside for some Hollywood pretty boy like Wil Wheaton.
 Wil Wheaton. Wil Wheaton. This is Sheldon, by the way.
 Here, I found this pizza flyer in your fence. 
 Okay, now you owe me a favor. Turn down the role of Professor Proton. 
 You can't be Professor Proton. You're not a scientist. 
 Some things shouldn't be rebooted. Some things were perfect the way they were. Like the walled city of York-- it was a delight. But New York? Blech. 
 I doubt it. He was kind of a mean old crank. 
 Wow. That was very persuasive. 
 But I won't be seduced by your acting skills nor your movie star charisma. There's only one Professor Proton, and he had neither of those things. I'll give you one more chance to bow out. 
 When we first met, we were enemies, but we worked through that and we became friends. Do you really want to go back? 
 I'm not leaving! 
 You don't have a dog. 
 Ugh, I can't tell if you're lying-- you're such a good actor! 
 Hello, Arthur. 
  I'm sorry to say that I failed you. I tried to stop Wil Wheaton being Professor Proton, but I couldn't. 
 Well, don't worry. He's now on my enemies list forever. He's totally cut off. PROFESSOR PROTON
 Hang on. We've made this mistake before. It's how we wound up at his cousin Deepak's Tupperware party. 
 Very well.
 Wordplay? 
 Funny wordplay? 
 Eh. 
 Oh, so they would act as natural dark matter detectors. 
  It does, but it's still geology. Sorry, Bert, I don't have time to play rocks with you. 
 Thank you for asking. Unfortunately, I have real science to do. But you feel free to rock on. That's how you do it. 
 And somewhere there's a mime who's top in his field, but you don't see me rushing to collaborate with him on new ways to be stuck in a box. 
 Oh. Hello.
 I've been thinking about it, and I suppose I-I could help you with your research. 
 Bert, I'm a gift horse. Don't look me in the mouth. 
 No, no, no, not my office, no. Uh, let's-let's do it here, in-in the evenings, after everyone's gone home. 
 Okay. Well, then I will see you tonight. Well, you know what? Close the blinds. We can start right now. 
 I've been modeling different types of dark matter and the traces they would leave on the zircon inside your meteorite. 
 That's actually a dark matter model of my own creation. I call it the Cooper Boson. 
 You know, Bert, I've got to say, this work has been surprisingly engaging. 
 Hello, Amy. What do you mean, where am I? I'm in my office. 
 For future reference, the best surprises are the ones I know about three days in advance. 
  It's a surprise. Doesn't feel so good, does it?
 Hello. 
 Penny, this is serious. My reputation is on the line. What are people gonna think when they see us collaborating? 
 I don't know. Poor Bert? 
 I am a respected theoretical physicist. I aspire to win a Nobel Prize someday. But nobody's gonna take me seriously if they find out I've been dabbling in geology. 
 They're very different. Physics answers the question
 Oh, but I like the work. 
  Yeah, but I'm ashamed of the field. 
 Yeah, but we could prove dark matter. 
 But I just think that people... 
 My record is 14. 
 Well, because it's also about my reputation. And somehow you manage to hold your head high despite your checkered past. 
 It's a figure of speech referring to how sexually promiscuous you were. 
 And what is it? 
 Congratulations. I know that's what you were hoping for. 
 Uh, oh. No-no, I didn't. That's-that's not my jacket. 
  It sounds like someone named Scooper doesn't want you touching his jacket. 
 Yes, fine, you found me out. I'm doing geology. Just, please, don't tell anyone.
 Oh, no, no, no, not you. No, just the work that you've devoted your entire life to. 
 Well, what do you expect? He's a geologist. 
 Hmm. 
 A rock. 
 It turns out I'm the mean boy. Although I did drop it on my own foot, so kind of. 
 What if there was something I wanted to do, but I was worried other people would think less of me?
  No. It's about working with Bert on... You know what? I'm not even gonna say it. I am just gonna say the letter it starts with and "ology." "G" Oh, no, that's not gonna work. 
 Yes. But we parted ways because I was worried about my reputation.
  If I'm not gonna use "your momma" jokes when I meet your mother, why'd I bother to learn them? 
 You're right, Amy. That is sage advice. Which is surprising, considering your momma is so dumb, she...
 She studied for a urine test.
 Bert. Bert, Bert. Bert, Bert, Bert. 
 I would like us to work together again. I promise to keep my geology comments to myself, because while some of them are funny, all of them are mean. 
 Leonard, what are you doing here? 
 It's called bladder training. When you're in your 80s, you'll thank me for it. 
 Bert, please. I know I behaved poorly in the past, but things will be different this time. You'll see. Come on, let me in. We'll have some laughs, we'll calculate some isotope ratios.
 Hello! 
 Sorry we're late. Amy took forever tying my shoe. 
 Hey! This one's going to be great. This is about the rivalry between a cool renegade scientist, Nikola Tesla, and his arch-nemesis, Thomas Edison. 
 No, Penny. No, the car is just named after him. 
 That's what he wants you to think. But without the foundational work of Ebenezer Kinnersley, Warren de la Rue and James Bowman Lindsay, you wouldn't know Edison any more than you know Ebenezer Kinnersley, Warren de la Rue or James Bowman Lindsay. 
 And worse than that, Edison filmed the first on-screen kiss, so he's basically a pornographer. Although every time I put that in Wikipedia, someone takes it out. 
 Leonard, can you drive me to work? 
 Oh, I'm sorry, I can't. I'm busy. 
 It's fine. I couldn't tell you even if I wanted to. 
 I mean, I would like to, but I just can't, you know, because it's classified and top secret. 
 I'm so glad you figured that out! It was killing me keeping it a secret! 
 They did, but then they hired me back. 
 Leonard, there is no "I" in team. However, there is an "I" in "I'm working with the military and you're not." There's five of them, in fact. 
 Oh, why don't you pick. 
 Eh, I already laughed today. 
 Still funny. 
 Nah, I've already seen someone cry today. 
 I'm sorry, can we do this another time? Amy's just about to realize she wants to watch a Hulk marathon.
 I did nothing of the sort. I had an idea for a neutrino-based communication system, I presented it to them, and they were interested.
 And sonar is based on bats. You don't see them hanging upside down in a patent attorney's office. 
 You take that back. 
 Can you believe they said I was just like Edison? Yeah, and in front of a lady, no less. 
 Oh, yeah? Well, if I'm Edison and you love me, then what does that say about you? 
 Okay. Well, I have to Google some stuff about Mrs. Edison. I'll be right back. 
 You know whose fault this is? 
 No, my mother's. "Go make friends, Sheldon." What happens? 20 years later, they call me names. 
 Oh, yeah? How would you feel if I called you the name of a neuroscientist you didn't like? 
 Of course. 
 Then no. Do you think they're right, Amy? Do you think I'm like Edison? 
 You're right. I care too much about other people's feelings. It's always been my fatal flaw. 
 No, no, not now, Amy. I'm growing as a person. 
 Leonard, I was-- What's Kripke doing here? 
 Fine. Good luck to you. The military is already interested in my system, and my math is worked out. His still has a big gap in it. 
 There. 
 Well, I suppose congratulations are in order. You set out to destroy me, and you achieved your goal. 
 The military canceled my project, because they're going with yours. 
 Well, Colonel Williams said another team at Caltech came up with a more efficient neutrino comm system. 
 Why did you tell Barry Kripke your idea? This is all your fault. 
 Well, that doesn't help at all. You know, sometimes your social skills are very poor. 
 He wasn't insane. 
 Well, if we're gonna call Tesla crazy for loving something small and unappealing, might as well put Penny in a padded cell right now.
 Speaking of something I find interesting, did anyone read that article about Bitcoin I sent you? 
 It was seven years ago. 
 Of course I do. 
 Yes, instead of going out, they just stay home and have constant coitus. 
 Oh, Stuart, good. I was wondering, will you be accepting Bitcoin? 
 It's a new online currency that's been developed. Uh, it's just like actual money, except you can't see it, hold it, or spend it on anything. 
 You don't have to buy Bitcoin. You can mine it. 
 Sort of. There's a limited amount, and we find it, not by tunneling into the earth, but by using a computer to solve complex mathematical problems. 
 Yes. 
 Before we begin, this may have some unprecedented tax implications. In fact, we should start early because we are gonna be on the phone with the IRS for hours. Did anybody else just get goose bumps? 
 And do you remember what happened next? 
 And after that? 
 And do you know what today is? 
 And all of them were too outside. 
 If only you had someone around with an eidetic memory. I bet they would know what happened to it. 
 Excuse me, but if I recall from seven years ago, you don't want me to be a part of this.
 Oh, please. I have grudges that go back to preschool. Someday, I'm gonna find a grown-up Elaine Dwyer and eat her favorite crayon while she watches. 
 Yes. That night, I'm going to have the first dance and the last laugh.
 Should I be the bigger man?
 Oh, why'd I ask you? 
 Sure. 
 Was it waitress who ignores her customers? Because that's the role you were born to play. 
 Actually, it's a turkey club. 
 I did, and yet here we are. 
 Don't be silly. He's desperate to hold on to you. You can get anything out of him. His car, his watch... 
 Really? Of all the things she's given to other men, that's what you're concerned about? 
 The Comic-Con breakup's easy to remember because Leonard was the saddest Pikachu. 
 Penny. Penny. Penny. 
 Oh, I'm sorry. I'll come back when you're alone. 
 Oh, he knows. The video I want to see is why you went out with him in the first place. 
 Try to pass out facedown, so you don't choke on your vomit. 
 Hmm... who could it have been? 
 I plotted my revenge. If you get a dish, I'll serve you some cold. 
 Oh, calm down. All I did was sneak onto your computer and download your Bitcoin onto a flash drive. 
 I'm not keeping it. I just wanted to watch you sweat. 
 I've waited seven long years, but it finally happened. 
 That's the best part. It's on the Batman flash drive on your key chain. You've had it in your pocket all along. 
 Really? D-D-Did you look under things? Well, that is unfortunate. I guess we've all learned a lesson today. 
 I don't know. 
 We're employing a mathematical approach called decision theory, so, heck, yeah. 
 We've assigned all wedding decisions randomly, and each of us makes half of them. You know, from venue to officiant to numbering system for the tables
 because this is our wedding, not a joke. 
 I-I don't understand what's going on here. 
 Oh, that's great. You're both doing what you love. 
 Wait. The premise is that he is dressed differently? 
 That's true. He is not dressed the same. 
 All right, Amy, you're up. Next decision. 
 Invitations! That's a good one. Just a suggestion-- hologram projected out of R2-D2. 
 Oh, what a fun mashup. It's like the chicken and waffles of orthography. 
 I know. Not a day goes by that I don't marvel how much better we are than other people.
 Okay, let's see what we've got so far. 
 Where you are met with an honor guard of stormtroopers. 
 I see what you're saying. You're thinking that you should arrive in a replica of Luke Skywalker's landspeeder. 
 Well... if the ushers are so important to you, what if I propose a trade? You may pick that, and I will decide, say, first dance. 
 Oh. And the first dance will be that we won't have one. 
 Unless we have no dance at all. Ha-ha. 
 Airborne worms?! Have you lost your mind?! Well, if you're going to do that, then I am changing the officiant to that husky Spider-Man that hangs out at the Chinese Theater. 
 Great. Vows in Klingon. 
 What do you think will make the wedding worse for Amy
 Neither of them will be the actual cake. I'm just using it as a bargaining chip to get Amy to agree to the whole wedding party getting rings and us getting one ring to rule them all. 
 Hello.
 What is going on? 
 His life isn't pathetic. He's got that whole table to himself. 
 But I'm not done telling you about my wedding revenge plans. 
 Oh, good, you're here. I've decided on our centerpieces. I just hope your family isn't allergic to asbestos. 
 Are you saying you don't want to get married? 
 City Hall, hmm. I do like metal detectors and the sound of permits being denied. 
 Well, historically, a wedding was to let other potential suitors know that we're unavailable. But I think matching T-shirts that say "Hands off the merchandise" accomplish the same thing. 
 How 'bout tomorrow? 
 Why wait? I mean, it's not that I think we're living in sin, but I do like the idea that our next act of intimacy will be a legal requirement. 
 Or we could go to Beverly Hills City Hall if you want a destination wedding. 
 Do we need a blood test? 
 Well, then, how will you know whether or not we have syphilis? 
 I know. I'm getting married. The new Star Wars movie's coming out. We are really finishing this year strong.
 Are you sad we're not having a big party? 
 Wait. I want to have a first dance with you. 
 At our wedding. 
 No. I want a real wedding.
 I know. But, Amy, I never thought I'd want to marry anyone. So the fact that I found you is astonishing. It's-it's like finding dark matter, except they're looking for dark matter. I wasn't even looking for you. S-So you're even better than dark matter. 
 Plus, plus, you interact with light, so I can see you. And, also, you don't account for the missing mass in the universe. Oh, and... 
 Right. Sorry. But when you make a discovery like this, you don't just take it down to City Hall-- you tell the whole world. And so I'll say it in Latin or Klingon or-or smoke signals, if-if that's not cultural appropriation. 
 Okay, so not smoke signals. But I want to do this right. 
 You know, we did get dressed up and come all the way to City Hall. 
 I have always wanted a permit to dispose of hazardous waste. 
 I'll do better than that-- I'll give him constructive criticism. 
 Uh, counterpoint... 
 Oh, Stuart, two questions
 I am trying to make Amy a historically accurate Little House on the Prairie dinner for her birthday, and... I want to be able to say I was reading it before it was cool.
 Eh... 
 Hello.
 Ooh! I do love a riddle. Oh, let me see. See, my first guess would be Halley, but that'd be strange to accuse her of being a baby because she is a baby. Um... I suppose it could be Stuart; his head does have a certain milky scent. Although... 
 No, I don't know. I saw Leonard put his keys in his mouth today. 
 Me, too. It'll be nice to see the parts I missed while I was blinking. 
 I don't like kids, but I do like birthday cake. Oh, wait, will there be sugary icing flowers on it? 
 I'll risk it. But if I have a tantrum and have to leave early, you'll know why. 
 I know you have a lot on your mind, but when do you think we'll have an answer on those cake flowers? 
 Hello. 
 So this is for Amy's birthday. Can I leave it here? 
 A butter churn.
 It's for her surprise frontier birthday dinner. I am making hardtack, boiled salt pork, and because it's a special day, a chewable gob of tree sap. 
 Uh, compared to other foods, no. Compared to other parts of a tree? Eh. And then after dinner, we will have birthday coitus. 
 You're exhausting and short. 
 I don't know what you mean by "electricity," ma'am. I am just a farmer boy living in a little house on the prairie. I'm glad you're happy. I wanted to do something special for your birthday. 
 This is just step one of your birthday weekend. Now, would you care to join me for an authentic frontier dinner made entirely from scratch? 
 Oh, it's not a big deal. Just to be clear, it was a big deal. I was being modest. You got that, right? 
 Well, I hope you're hungry. 
 Oh, good. Starvation is authentic to the time period. If you also have malaria and a deep distrust of Native Americans, we're really cooking with a woodstove. 
 Yes. But don't blow it all on one biscuit. Took me nine hours to make that. I think I got churner's elbow. 
 Oh, well, you'll be glad you did. Everyone knows the best foreplay is rigid adherence to a strict schedule. 
 Can I get you anything else? 
 You sure? There's still plenty of pork fat. Although, if we don't eat it, I suppose we could turn it into soap. 
 Oh, great. Then we will move on to stage two
 Should I read you some bawdy 19th century limericks? 
 Oh, here. "There once was a priest from Terre Haute who purchased a sheep and a goat..." 
 Well, I didn't even get to the dirty part yet. 
 Frontier scallops? I shouldn't think so. 
 Yeah. Uh, mine, too. I'm sure it's just the first sharp cramps of arousal. 
 Hey, hey, save that sexy talk for the bedroom. You know, if you'll excuse me, I am just going to go freshen up.
 Morning. Happy birthday. 
 Did you sleep at all? 
 I passed out on the toilet once. I don't know if that counts. 
 I feel terrible. Well... should we make love now? 
 Hey, I'm a man; I have annual needs just like anyone. And besides, it's our birthday tradition. 
 I can try. Want to do it again? 
 Amy's in the bathroom and I need to...! 
 Uh-oh. 
 I left the food out. 
 How are you feeling? 
 Yeah. I'm feeling better, too. 
 Hello.
 Those books should have been called Little Outhouse on the Prairie. 
 You know... it's still your birthday. 
 And... we are both... feeling better. 
 No. Great. Let's go jump for a bit, and then find a bedroom to have coitus in.
 I'll do you one better. I'll avoid talking to our friends entirely and play on my phone. 
 Ah, understandable. They are quite similar-- both blonde former waitresses who married beneath them.
 How about this? I dominate the conversation so hard, no one has a chance to get a word in edgewise. 
 Ooh, now you're speaking my catamaran. That's my code word for "language." 
 No, that's my code word. Get your own. 
 Rhinos are my least favorite animals at the zoo. 
 You know, I don't know how I feel about all this baby-proofing. If Halley can't teach herself to walk down the stairs, then maybe that's nature's way of saying the Wolowitz line ends here. 
 Oh, right. Yeah, oh, yeah. Did you know that we've been thinking of having pretzels at our wedding? Hmm? No, no. No, no, no, no, no. I'm sorry. No, rhinos. We're having rhinos at our wedding. No! I got to go. I'm gonna need some help. Someone baby-proofed the front door. 
 Hmm. Hmm. I get it. You know, Leonard once borrowed my Edmund Scientific catalogue and dog-eared some pages. Never got 'em straight again. 
 Actually, I do. My mother is pushing for my brother, Georgie, to be my best man, and I hate to disappoint her again. I already rejected her savior and her LinkedIn invitation. 
 Well, what if we take emotion out of the process, and base it on empirical metrics? Then we aren't really making the decision; the data is. 
 That decision only seems subjective. In reality, people in a wedding party perform very specific functions, and some will perform those better than others. If I may use a superhero analogy... 
 Okay, I'll use real people. Um, if a certain dog-like loyalty is useful, then it's Leonard, hmm? If, uh, having a PEZ dispenser filled with TUMS is an advantage, Wolowitz, yeah. If a best man with fake testicles hanging from his truck is important, well, then, my brother's back in the running.
 Exactly. Boy, if I had known getting married was going to involve so much science, I'd have proposed years ago. 
 That would be big news from Penny, but you've read a book before. 
 Oh, Leonard... 
 He probably has to say that for legal reasons. 
 Well, I would say that this constitutes a catering crisis. 
 Excuse me, b-before we start eating, I-I would like to make a toast. 
 If only I could think of one. Someone else go. 
 Ooh! A minute, 19. Quick. 
 Yes. I am going through a bit of a timing phase. How long will it last? We'll find out. 
 Oh, quick thinking. But for future lies, this is as far as I can squat. 
 Yeah, minus five, because this is mine. 
 Did Bernadette even try to send us a sewing kit? 
 We could've done that ourselves. 
 Maybe we're being old-fashioned, defining these roles by gender. You know, historically, the best man's role was to defend the bride and groom in combat. I mean, if that's not Penny, I don't know what we're doing here. 
 Oh, those names are terrible. One point off for you. 
 Oh, it's not important. But if you don't pass, none of this matters. 
 Loyalty. We need to choose someone who has our backs, someone who will keep our secrets even from each other. 
 Yes. Oh, that has been weighing on me for years. Come here. 
 Agreed. Uh... So, listen, I have a secret that I need to tell someone. But you can never say a word. Not even to Howard. 
 Really? You keep things from your husband? 
 Okay. Here it is. I can control the thermostat in Leonard's apartment with my phone. And when he makes me mad, I turn it up, slightly. 
 Oh, you're good. 
 Leonard, quick. I need you to get me to Arcadia within the hour. The train store's having a sale. 
 Just wait one second.
 I'm sorry. Where were we?
 You really think you might get cold feet? 
 Amy... if there's one thing in this world I'm sure of, you are right to be worried. Good night.
 Howard. I've had my eye on this limited edition Swamp Thing, but now that I'm about to buy it, I'm having second thoughts. What do you think? 
 Yes, but what if it will make me happy, you know, waking up and seeing it every morning for the rest of my life? 
 Yeah, well, Bernadette's no prize either! 
 Yes. 
 Don't panic, there's still time. Look, it's a marathon, not a sprint. 
  W-W-Wait, wait. Just out of curiosity, which one of you figured it out?
 Impressive. 
 Hello, Stuart. 
 When did you start selling those? 
 No, thank you. 
 Well... I secretly experimented on my friends, and now none of them want to be my best man. So, you know, normal wedding drama. 
 Probably have to use my stupid brother. So get ready for a wedding toast delivered by his armpit. 
 Really? 
 Okay, well, uh, thank you, Stuart. That's a very generous offer. 
 That's true. 
 Hello. I believe I owe the three of you an apology. 
 By experimenting on you, I realize I've violated your trust and possibly the Geneva Convention. 
 No. So as to not upset any of you further, I've asked Stuart to be my best man, and he's agreed. You're all still invited to the bachelor party. Uh, he's thinking Costco and the theme is browsing. 
 Well, I wanted to choose one of you, but you all turned against me. 
 But you're all my friends. I mean, if I didn't collect data, how could I possibly choose among the three of you? 
 Is it? Perhaps I said it wrong. 
 Thank you, Leonard. And if it helps... these two are quitters. 
 Although, if you want to be a part of the wedding party, I suppose you could be the flower girl. 
 Oh, that's much better. Sorry, Stuart, you're out. 
 One thing you can't get on an iPad, the smell of ink and paper. One more reason iPads are better. 
 Oh, look, they still have Far Side. Oh, I don't get that one. 
 Hmm. I don't think he belongs in that gifted school, then. 
  Well, you didn't tell me that. 
 Oh. Well, how nice. Everyone's doing impressive work. 
 Whoa, whoa. Where'd that come from? 
 I try to be supportive, and you break out the hot lights and the rubber hose. 
 Oh, my God, let it go. Do you believe this guy? 
 Nothing is bothering me. 
 Wait. I have a confession. When I berated Leonard, it was a clever ruse to conceal the fact that I'm not working on anything. 
 The truth is I have nothing of interest to pursue. 
 Thank you, Amy. I don't know what I'd do without you. 
 Okay. Scratch paper, check. Whiteboard, check. Chex Mix, check. And here we go.  Oh, dang it. Hello, Mother. 
 I am right in the middle of some very important work. I don't have time for this right now. 
 Because you raised me to be polite. Now stop bothering me. 
 Who did you see at the barbecue festival? 
 Really? You called me and interrupted my work to tell me that you ran into somebody you could plausibly run into? I'm sorry, Mother, I really need to focus here. I will speak to you next week. 
 I thought Mr. Watkins moved to Florida. 
 Oh, gosh darn it, that is interesting. Was it Tommy or Joe? I bet it was Joe, because he and Tommy had a falling out over that time-share. 
 Did I actually do it? I did. I did. The answer is one in 18 million. 
 The odds of you running into Mr. Watkins. 
 Oh. Oh, I'm-I'm sorry. 
 Call you back. 
 It's annoying when you do it. 
 Oh, thank you. I have been working pretty hard. I-I could use a break. 
 Is that where you blacked out? 
 No, actually, that's where I blacked out. 
 That is a list of all the different types of natural disasters.
 I made that one up. Which I shouldn't have, because now I'm scared of it. 
 I am. I'm trying to come up with a new approach to dark matter, but people keep distracting me. First, my mother kept answering the phone when I called, even though she knew I was busy. And now you show up with my favorite shape of food-- a circle made of triangles served in a square box. Maybe I'll just eat this in the laundry room.
 No, no. Wait. You don't have to go, as long as you sit quietly and don't say anything. 
 Mmm. Good. 
 Are you mocking me? 
 And then I was thinking about inventing a new dark matter particle to evade the omega baryon constraints, but that just seems like something anyone could come up with. 
 I just wish I could find something that excites me. 
 Well, I left string theory, which I'd been working on for a long time, and everyone was talking about how cool dark matter was, and I thought, "Well, sure, I'll give that a whirl" 
 What's that? 
 Well, if I'm being honest, I never forgot about string theory. It's remarkable. It's the closest we've come to a theory of everything, something even Einstein couldn't figure out. 
 But it's so elegant. I mean, look, string theory posits that the fundamental particles we see in three dimensions are actually strings embedded in multidimensional space-time. 
 Precisely. And when you express it in 11 dimensions, Einstein's relativity equations pop out. Does that sound like a coincidence? 
 Yup. That's what I think.
 So, so, did we do it? Did we just solve string theory? 
 Oh. I appreciate your enthusiasm, but this is not the sort of thing we can figure out in a night. People have been stuck on this for decades. 
 Uh... Well, actually there are no knots in anything greater than four dimensions. Ooh, unless we get around that by considering them as sheets. You know, topologically speaking, that has a lot of interesting possibilities. 
 I also have a pretty cute picture to share. 
 An equation. Isn't it perfect? Sometimes I just stare at it, and I think "I can't believe that came out of me." 
 You know, I also have a date tonight. But don't worry, it's not another woman. It's string theory. Bow-bow. 
 Hello. 
  Oh, taking another picture with my baby. Look how big he got. 
 Aw, thank you, that's so... Don't sit there!
 I, uh-- sorry. I-It's part of my organization system. That's-that's where those papers go. 
 Eh...
  No, no. Uh, this is your apartment, too. Uh, look, I'll - I'll stop for the night and clean this up. 
 I know. See, I'm trying this new technique where I imagine how I would feel in someone else's position. 
 Oh, I thought I came up with it. 
 Thank you. It's really hard. 
 Hello.
 Thank you. 
 Oh, I was just checking in on my old room to see what you've done with it. 
 Well, I could use a place to work in the evenings, and... 
 Well, it's just that there's not a lot of space in our apartment... 
 Well, and I feel like Amy's been having... 
 And since you're not... 
 It's... 
 Do you really expect me to believe that? 
 I can't believe you hung up on me! 
 I am proving you wrong. I've been working back there for hours. You had no idea.
 I-I am trying to respect Amy. 
 I can't go to the office every time I have a brilliant thought. I'd basically be living there. 
 No. No, the campus isn't safe at night. There's raccoons and undergrads just walking around like they own the place. Look. I need somewhere to work in the evenings. You have a space you aren't using. Just take a look at my proposal. 
 I'm sorry. Am I being too loud? 
 Would you like me to be a less considerate tenant? 
 Nothing. He's being a dream. Don't give me that look. That's how Penny looked at me. I'm not crazy. 
 Hello. 
 What time does the trial period end? 
 Yeah-- what does it say after that? 
 That was three hours ago. 
 And, uh, since you didn't exercise your right to revoke, I exercised my right to extend, triggering this long-form rental agreement... ...of which you're already in violation. 
 Hire a lawyer. Let's find out. 
 Be that as it may, page nine says that you have to provide me with lemon-flavored sparkling waters, so... chop-chop. 
 Oh, no. No, they're watching the new Professor Proton. I-I can't keep Wil Wheaton off the Internet, but I can keep him off my retinas. 
 Of course not. I'm going to write mean comments about Wil's show online.
 I'm sorry, are you familiar with the Internet? 
 Get your own thing to complain about. 
 Oh, that is a good point. Criticisms are more hurtful when they're specific. 
 Darn it, I do like objects that hover. 
 Oh, no! I have all those things! 
 Look, it works! We did it! 
 Yeah. A CD-ROM? More like "CD-vroom." 
 No. I feel bad I'm engaged to somebody that would point that out. 
 Hmm. 
 Oh, that's funny! Yeah, because they do. They make up everything. 
 Just when I thought this couldn't get any better, Wil has introduced suspense into the show. 
 What?! 
 How could Wil ask Howard to be on his show and not me? 
 But why wouldn't Howard tell me? 
 All those answers make a lot of sense. Thank you, Amy. That helps. 
 Hello. 
 Howard, I want you to know that I forgive you. 
 I know that you were on Wil's show, and I know why you didn't tell me. 
 Because you were afraid that I would be difficult and annoying about it. 
 I was, but I decided to give it a shot, and I actually enjoyed it. Just out of curiosity, how did you come to be on the show? Did he ask you? Did you ask him? Did you just show up on the set and ring that doorbell? 
 That would be the mature thing to do. Let's put a pin in that and keep thinking. 
 Hello. 
 I don't have a super secret enemies list. I'm not a Bond villain. I'm just a regular guy, with a regular enemies list. Which, by the way, you are no longer on. 
 I am. I watched your show, and it's really good. 
 And I regret how hard I was on you. I want you to know that being on the Professor Proton show has been a childhood dream of mine. So, if you're ever looking for any more scientist guests, I hope you'll consider me. 
 Yay! 
 Or... wouldn't it be nice to have us both on, to show that even female scientists can land a man?
 Oh, Amy. Good, you're here. 
 How would you like to be on television? 
 No, it's not. Wil Wheaton wants you to be on Professor Proton. That's nice, but I'm not really interested. 
 What do you mean? But he wants to talk about women in science. You're a woman, you're in science. You go, girl. 
 Is it because kids may be there, and they're known carriers of head lice? I get that. 
 Wait a minute. You're always bragging that lice aren't attracted to you because your scalp is so oily. That was on your dating profile. 
 So you're not going to do something just because you think it might upset me? 
 Well, that's very upsetting. 
 What other things don't you do because of me? 
 No. 
 I just learned some very distressing news. Sometimes, Amy doesn't do things because she's worried about how I'll react. 
 So you're saying everyone walks on eggshells to spare my feelings? 
 I don't want my relationship with Amy to be like that. 
 You think? 
 Well, regardless, I can change. 
 You know, everybody thinks I'm so predictable. Well, tomorrow I'm gonna show up at work and do something no one will expect. 
 Yes, but which hat? 
 Well, now that you guessed it, I'm not gonna do it. 
 Yeah. 
 Absolutely. 
 Oh, I did not see that coming. That's well played, Amy. 
 You beat me, and I am responding with humility and admiration. What does it look like? 
 Well, I couldn't wait for you to actually beat me; that would take forever. I'm sorry. It's... I'm trying to show you that I can change. I-I don't want you to miss out on things because of me. 
 You know, and maybe somewhere out there, there is a little girl who will see you on Wil's show and realize that she, too, can grow up to be a brilliant, amazing, successful scientist. 
 Who is really terrible at chess. 
 No, no, no. I mean really bad. What was your queen doing over there, going shopping? 
 Amy. You were glowing. 
 I'm so proud of you. 
 Because you can't tell how jealous I am? 
 Really hard. 
 All right, I'm gonna go scream on the roof. 
 Love you.
 I believe today is Bernadette's due date. 
 Easy. 40 weeks from the date of her last period. 
 Well, excuse me for taking an interest in people. 
 Yeah, not to brag, but Amy's last birthday brought my coital tally up to four. 
 Hey, I was just talking about you. 
 I'll give you a hint. It's something that we have done four times. 
 What? No. No. I've not watched La La Land four times. If you find the soundtrack on my phone, that's just because our iTunes accounts are linked. 
 See, see. Look at my Netflix queue. There's two documentaries and the movie Friends with Benefits, which I thought was a documentary about employer health care plans. PENNY
 Hello. 
 Oh, please. I'm disgusted when people sneeze, and that's just stuff coming out of their nose. No. I am here to sit with you and keep you company. 
 Yeah, by playing the most complicated board game ever invented
 Welcome to the next five to eight weeks of your life. 
 I know, right? Okay, first, we need to roll to determine the weather. 
 Yes. 
 Not now, Howard. I'm in the middle of a game. 
 You wish. You are hundreds of hours away from the middle. 
 I-I can't. She and I are playing Campaign for North Africa. 
 Hmm? Neither did the Egyptians, but that didn't stop Rommel. 
 The game's best with five to ten players. 
 Hey, Bernadette, it's your turn. Penny's air force is strafing your supply line in Tobruk. 
 Oh. 'Kay. But you're being pretty rude. Everyone did come over to play this game with you. 
 Bernadette, it's your turn. 
 All right, I'll just roll for you. Ooh! That is a good one! Your troops'morale rating is pretty high. Now, Leonard, as the defender, we need to subtract your morale rating from Bernadette's to get a final adjusted morale rating for the assault. And I will just check the assault differential column. Ooh! Who said war was hell? Yeah, that's a rhetorical question. Sherman said it. 
 All right, that moves us on to the tactical shipping phase. Penny, I believe, as logistics commander, that's you. 
 Nice try, Penny. It takes more than everybody not enjoying it to stop a game with Sheldon Cooper. 
 Fine. If you pick a baby name, can we get back to playing?
 All right, here we go. Ranatanata. 
 Oh, right, it's a boy. That'd be ridiculous. What about Ozymandias? 
 Ozymandias is from a poem by Percy Bysshe Shelley. Oh, oh! Bysshe Wolowitz. Solved. Back to the game. Heyo! Sandstorm!
 If you think that is better than Ozymandias Wolowitz, then you have been breathing in the poisonous gas that my troops illegally dispersed. 
 Never mind your water. Has your mucus plug popped out? 
 Oh, you're right. We probably would've heard that. 
 And I'm worried one's gonna hit me in the eye. 
 Well, not nothing. There are U-boats approaching the Suez Canal. It's too late for us. 
 Suez? Birth? It's a big night for canals. 
 Yeah, I like the name Elliott. That wasn't on my list, but I like it. 
 Well, I wasn't going to give them any of the good names. I'm saving those for us. 
 Of course. I think you and I will have exceptional children. 
 15. 
 Don't worry. I don't expect you to bear them all. I'm sure we can find a suitable uterus to rent. 
  Of course not. I am going to the kitchen. Can I get anybody anything? Penny, nice glass of milk and a multivitamin? Guys. Guys, wake up. Terrible news. 
 No. No, no, we miscalculated our unassigned armor class units. We need to start over. 
 Oh, no, no, no, not from the beginning. Just from when the tanks started moving. 
 Mm, no. No, that was two hours ago. It only feels like five. 
 You know, it can take some time for pigment to form. You're still not out of the woods. 
 Hello. 
 Is it too sexy?
 You know, I'm really happy with our wedding date. The month squared equals the square of the sum of the members of the set of prime factors of the day. Isn't that romantic? 
 It's a shame you're joking. That'd be a lovely reading at our ceremony. 
 Albert Einstein was a member there. 
 Yeah, and Albert Einstein was a member there. 
 And Albert Einstein was a member there. 
 Ah. Now you sound like a woman who wants to get married. 
 Oh, of course. Yeah, but that club is extremely exclusive. You know, Leonard's been trying to get us in there for years, but no luck. 
 Well, I suppose we can give it a look, and if it doesn't work out, I hear that there is a nearby Chinese restaurant that Einstein used to frequent. 
 Boy, reality  TV is right; brides are crazy. 
 Did Albert Einstein ever sit in any of these chairs? 
 Yeah, but he brings his own chair, you know? 
 What? Too deep is a ladle, not a spoon. 
 Mm. Oh, I must admit, I do, as well. I-- look at how somber all the men in these portraits are. I feel like that sets a good tone for our wedding. 
 Oh, no, no, these are all dead, accomplished scientists. Leonard will only ever be one of those things. 
 But he told me he checked on our membership just last week, and we were still 400th in line. 
 Leonard. 
 How did you get in here? 
 You told me it was incredibly exclusive.
 Well, I'm not sure I know how I feel about this place now. 
 I can't believe Leonard lied to me. What are we gonna find out next, that he's not really lactose intolerant, hmm? He's just friends with an invisible trumpet player? 
 Aw, somebody got a head start on her vows. 
 I don't know. I mean, Einstein was a member. I like that. You know? But... Leonard's a member, and that really steams my clams. 
 On the other hand, shaming Leonard during our wedding at the very place he betrayed me does have a beautiful symmetry to it. 
 Although, it is our wedding. I-- maybe it shouldn't be all about revenge. 
 Uh... What? Who? 
 Yes, so, if you will just move your birthday party to a different location, everything will be fine. 
 No. I do. 
 Hmm? Oh, I doubt it. I said some pretty unprofessional things about his work. I may have even used the "S" word. 
 I'm not proud of it, Amy, but I have a temper. Well, I suppose we could pick a different date. 
 Why did you lie to me? 
 Yeah, because he's not really sorry. Obviously, he wanted a place to go where I wouldn't be and apparently all of outside wasn't enough for him. 
 Come on-- Sheldon. Look, I only have time to deal with one jerk right now and that's Barry Kripke. 
 Yeah, so if you could just please leave before I get angry and say something I will regret about your face, your height, your personal hygiene or the fact that your science, while serviceable, lacks panache. 
 And now I regret it. Good-bye. 
 Barry, I've come to ask one more... Leonard? Wh-Why are you doing that? 
 He's making you clean out barrels of irradiated grease? 
 Why would you do that? 
 On Mars? 
 Well, thank you. But I don't want you to do this. 
 No, it's not. We're not going to let Barry win.
 We have a combined IQ of 360. Perhaps more if that radiation gave you a super brain. 
 Leonard, my nose itches. What do I do? 
 Hey, good news, Amy. We got the Athenaeum. 
 Well, I couldn't have done it without Leonard. Boy, you should've seen us in there. We were like Batman and Robin. 
 If you have to ask, you're Robin. 
 Well, we agreed to invite him to the wedding. 
 Yeah. 
 A-And if she charges by the hour, we have to cover it. 
 He only wants to sing "Volare." 
 The planetarium. I hadn't thought about that. That's even better. 
 Oh, you're exaggerating. Don't let him touch the silverware.
 Comparing me to Batman? I'll take it.
 Oh. He gets in on Sunday, April first? Nice try, Penny. 
 April Fools'Day. This is another one of your classic pranks you try to pull on me every year. 
 Oh, really? What about last year, when you sent me that e-mail with the photo attached, but you didn't attach a photo. 
  Messing with me? Yes, it was. And this year, I am not falling for it. 
 You know what they say, fool me "N" times, where "N" equals the amount of times you've already fooled me, shame on you. Fool me "N" plus one times, shame on me.
 I folded your laundry for you. You're welcome. 
 You're saying that these aren't yours? 
 So you're saying that I'm touching a stranger's underpants? 
 And just like that, it's the worst day of my life. 
 Wait, why are you being so weird? 
 It occurred to me that perhaps you were telling the truth about Bill Gates and it wasn't just part of an elaborate prank. 
  I show up to meet Bill Gates over your "objections," but it's not Bill Gates at all, no. It's one of those look-alikes that you hire for a party. And then when I go around showing everybody the balloon animal that "Bill Gates" made for me, I'll look like an idiot. 
 I just need you to tell me the truth. This is driving me crazy. 
 Is he? 
 Really? 
 Well, now I don't know what to believe! 
 Oh. Hi, Leonard. 
 I did. But you know what they say, "hold the door, get robbed some more." 
 Oh. Well, they should, because it's true, and it rhymes. So where have you been? 
 I see. You're all in on it. Uh, nice try. 
 Right, right. Okay, so, uh, "Bill Gates" was at the "hotel" that you "went to." 
 Fine. So "Bill Gates" was at the "hotel" that you went to. That's you and Bill Gates. 
 Were you crying? 
 So, it wasn't a joke, and I actually could've met him? 
 What hotel? 
 Thank you, thank you so much! 
 Hello, Leonard. Thought I'd find you here. You snake. 
 He sent me all the way to Thousand Oaks to meet Bill Gates when he knew full well he wasn't staying there.
 Aha! Wait. How do I know you're not tricking me? 
 You think you're so smart. You think I'm going to fall for it again, don't you? Well, I won't. 
 Shut up. 
 Stupid Leonard, meeting stupid Bill Gates, without stupid me. Aw.
 Oh, Leonard, I can't stay mad at you. Come here. Apology accepted. What's for dinner? I'm starving. 
 Why are you wearing a Band-Aid?
 Wait, n-now, hold on. Tonight is Friday, and I believe you know what that means. 
 No.
 No, that means it's Chinese food night. 
 But I can smell your pastrami.
 What is happening? Everybody's supposed to be eating Chinese food.
 I'm sorry, I think you're forgetting that the sandwich was invented by John Montagu, the Earl of Sandwich. 
 I think you're defining bread very loosely. If we go down that road, where does it end? 
 I don't want to get into this with you right now. We'll talk about this when I'm asleep.
 Well, because I'm eating now.
 You know what? It's great. Wait, look at that. Hmm. Well, maybe the Chinese did invent the sandwich. I guess you were right. 
 I can smell that food truck from up here. 
 Of course I like the smell. It's salt and fat. My brain may be evolved, but my tongue still wants to pick up a club and drag that truck back to my cave. 
 No, it-it's a distraction. How can I focus on my work when all I can think about is how much I want that sandwich?
 Why are you taking cash? 
 Yes. 
 Oh, the tenants association takes every complaint seriously. 
 Excuse me. Wow. Someone should have spell-checked.
 You should see the look on your face. You might want to tell your wife that there's no "Y" in "pastrami." 
 So, let me get this straight. You are the president of the tenants association? 
 President, only member, and harshest critic. I once gave myself an official reprimand for conducting a meeting in the shower. The steam warped my gavel. 
 $14.99. The exact price of a new gavel. 
 As a friend, I was touched. As a representative of the building, I thought that you should pick a key and stick with it. 
 because I wanted to make sure that you loved the man, not the office. You can't just declare yourself president. 
 I didn't. I called a meeting, I was the only one to attend. I nominated myself, and after a pretty moving speech, I voted myself in.
 Fine. Make a motion at the next meeting. 
 It's the first Saturday of every month. Unless there's an emergency meeting. 
 You really don't have to. This is the first Saturday of the month.
 Uh, uh, hold on. Hold on. First, we have to read the minutes from last month's meeting. Amy, would you do the honors?
 Ah, very well. New business. 
 Not so fast. I believe we have one tenant here who has not made her voice heard. 
  We're waiting, fiancee.
 Next time I have a meeting in the shower, you're welcome to attend. 
 I'm gonna hang it up higher than Leonard. And then his clothes will smell. And nobody's voting for a man with smelly clothes. No, not when there's a perfectly unscented incumbent on the ballot. 
  If leaders just stepped aside every time they didn't have the consent of the governed, what would we have?
 Not on my watch. 
 Well, this is hard for me because I do love a legal technicality and this is a good one. Although, not quite as good as the provision in California law, which states a person who occupies a dwelling for 30 consecutive days becomes a tenant at will and as such... 
 You... What? 
 Don't you misquote Spider-Man to me. 
 I can't believe you expect me to give that up. 
 I don't know. 
 I'm always thinking about Ant-Man. 
 Maybe you're right. 
  Yes. He got the details right. That's how you use a superhero. Mm. I suppose it is time I passed this on to Leonard. 
 Well, it was. But you know what? Instead of being in charge, I can now be the vocal opposition, criticizing and badgering the president at every turn. 
 Me, too. 
 Mailman's here! 
 Do you have any mail for Dr. Sheldon Cooper?
 And that is what separates the U.S. Postal Service from those hippies at FedEx. 
 Oh, goody! What is so exciting? 
 It's a letter from Dr. Wolcott. We've been corresponding about my string theory research. 
 The very same. 
 Oh. He's invited me to his cabin for the weekend, to discuss a breakthrough he's had.
 Yes. He lives off the grid, up in the mountains. 
 Yes. Why? 
 Hmm. Oh. Hmm. Oh, nice one. 
 I am decoding Dr. Wolcott's letter using this book as the key. Aren't conversations more fun when they're in code? 
 Oh. I got it! He's given me directions to his cabin. 
 He is not paranoid.
 Following his instructions.
  I am a grown man-- I don't need somebody to chaperone me. I just need him to drop me off, pick me up, and pack me a sack lunch. 
 All right, Leonard, looks like you're driving me. But maybe you could drop me at the bottom of the mountain. I want him to think I'm cool. 
 Of course. No, I'm much more concerned about you. I know how you gals behave when the men are away. 
 I've read The Bacchae by Euripides. Drinking wine, riding panthers... Proof that girls have gone wild for over 2,500 years.
 Well, just be careful, and use protection. 
 I don't know. But it's going to be sunny, and you burn easily. 
 Nicholas is going to take his clothes off? 
 Impersonating a federal employee? Oh, where's the after-party, prison? 
 Well, of course I'm worried about you-- I want you to be safe. 
 I will be. I'll have my friends with me. If anything should go wrong, I can use them as human shields. 
 This is better than music-- this is a lecture on nonlinear time. 
 Yes. But I put it on shuffle. 
 Yeah, uh, Leonard... 
 And tell them why. 
 No. It's because a bachelor party is typically a hedonistic blowout where no pleasures of the flesh are denied. I'm not interested in that. 
 Okay, listen. Dr. Wolcott is a brilliant topologist. We need to set some ground rules so that you don't embarrass me. No magic. No whining. You-- just no. 
  Dr. Wolcott? Dr. Wolcott? Dr. Wolcott? 
 Dr. Wolcott.
 Oh, these are my friends. I wrote about them in my letter. 
 Well, that's because I just sent it this morning. So score one for linear time. 
 Dr. Cooper, if you can promise me these men share your intellect and academic rigor, yeah, I suppose they can join us. 
 You guys might need to wait in the car. 
 I've always said that I should get a grudge chair. Leonard, have I not always said that? 
 Yeah. That was a real concern. 
 So, Dr. Wolcott, in your letter, you said you had a new mathematical approach that would help me conceptualize the dimensions in string theory? 
 Oh, my. Here we are. Oh... Um... no offense, Dr. Wolcott, but I'm not sure this makes any sense. 
 You... Wow. That's "wow" backwards. Hmm. You know... I still don't get it. 
 Oh. I love him. 
 Dr. Wolcott, your work on time is revolutionary.
 My goodness, this is incredible. 
 Thank you. I'd be honored. 
 So, how would this work in the context of a singularity? 
 Oh, and how. You never forget your first group theory. 
 I-I've never considered a long-distance marriage. 
 It is amazing how much he's accomplished by isolating himself from the distractions of day-to-day life. 
 See, that's the strange thing. I don't. What is wrong with me? Why don't I want this? Look at how cool it all is. 
 You know what, you're right. Thank you for bringing me up here. But I think I'm ready to go home now.
 No. No, we better go. I miss Amy. And my phone. Also, I'm from Texas, and I can taste the difference between rabbit and squirrel. 
 Hello. 
 Well, Dr. Wolcott's theories of time might save my new interpretation of string theory. 
 It is. How was your bachelorette party?
 I see. 
 Amy, would you still love me if I wasn't who you thought I was? 
 Well, what if it turns out I'm not the single-minded, science-obsessed recluse who puts his work above everything and everybody else that you fell in love with? 
 I'd still love you. 
 Do you really know how to Riverdance? 
 I'm the only man you do that for.
 Great. Let's look at some planets! 
 It makes far-away things seem close, and Mercury is a planet. 
 Well, uh, it's no Sandman, but I guess we can't expect everything he writes to be a masterpiece. 
 He's right. Wolverine's claws, Ultron's outer shell. Need I go on? 
 Can you see Mercury? Can you see it? 
 Please, Amy, get your mind out of the ancient Athenian gutter. 
 Great. How many does that make? 
 The nineties? 
 Is it Mercury? I'm really jonesing for Mercury. 
 Playing hard to get. I like that in a planet. 
 Who are all these people? What? Is this a flash mob? 
 I don't know what today's dancing looks like. 
 No. I liked the way the store was before. 
 Yes, it was perfect. Like a funeral home that sells Pokemon cards. What am I supposed to do now if I want to hang out and read a comic book? 
 Next to a stranger? If I'm going to sit, read, and ignore a woman, it's going to be my fiancee. 
 You-- I'm sorry. You're comparing this place to Comic-Con? Well, can I go to the bathroom here next to a Wookiee who got his zipper stuck in his fur? 
 You know what? Just give me a copy of Action Comics 1000, and I'll be on my way. 
 Hey, Howard, did you see that...? 
 That was a close one. I almost went home with that guy. 
 No, I'm fine. I admit all these people did take me by surprise at first, but I've learned that I can accept change. 
 I managed it when Amy switched her shampoo from Prell to Prell for oily hair. Hmm? Although I do miss the way her head used to slide off the pillow. 
 Who are you? 
 Nope. Can you believe it? In the past decade, I have spent thousands of dollars in that store, and this is the thanks I get. 
 He gave me a mug. What do you think I'm drinking out of? Do you even pay attention? 
 Amy, the comic book store is like my version of the country in Black Panther. 
 The nation of Wakanda was a hidden gem, and they wanted to keep it that way, because they knew if they opened it up to the world, everything that was special about it would get ruined. 
 Yes. 
 And to make things worse, Stuart hired some woman. 
 No... I'm not annoyed that she's a woman. I'm annoyed, and she's a woman. 
 It's just, Stuart knows my likes and dislikes. And I can count on his discretion if I pick up the occasional back issue of Superman's Pal Jimmy Olsen. Which I don't.
 Well, don't think of her as a stranger. Just think of her as a... a friend you haven't berated, lectured or condescended to yet.
 I hadn't thought of it that way. Thank you. 
 You're wise, and you smell like books. You really are the whole package. 
 Just look at her over there. She just started, and she gets to put up "Staff Picks." I've been coming here for ten years-- I still can't put up "Sheldon Dislikes." 
 Challenge accepted. 
 That is not what that was. Excuse me. I was wondering if you could recommend something. 
 I would not. 
 That's what I wanted the theme of my tenth birthday party to be! 
 I'm sorry, we're in the middle of something here. 
 Let me guess-- everyone thinks the X-Men are witches. 
 Stuart who? 
 Oh, and it turns out Denise is also really excited for Dan Slott's run on Iron Man, because he was her favorite Spider-Man writer, too. 
 Oh! And guess who goes to art school right here in Pasadena.
 You're a good guesser, Amy. Not as good as Denise, though. She thought I would like this comic, Arrowsmith, and she was right.
 It was. But if it weren't for the crowds, Stuart never would have hired Denise, and she's the best. 
 Hello. 
 Why are you reading a comic book?
 You know, Amy, Amy, I've talked a lot about comic books lately, can we talk about something else?
 The light is red so I came to a stop. 
 I know I don't have to. The fun is choosing to.
 Those mixers are such a waste of university money. If they spent less money on frivolous nonsense and more money on science, we'd all be better off. 
 Someday, my new formulas on entropy decrease due to quantum decoherence will need to be tested and that will require funding.
 Says the experimental physicist. Well, I know a place the university can make some cuts. Bye, Leonard. 
 Perhaps, but we'd all go to the grave knowing I was right.
 Huh. Interesting. Welcome back, Leonard. Sorry, you're out. 
 Exactly. 
 Ooh, we're talking about trains.
  Not the kind of trains you like.
 Oh, I like all kinds of trains-- steam, diesel, coal, elevated, bullet. I defy you to name a train that I don't like. 
 I did not see that coming. Good job. But while we're on the subject of fashion, I'm asking the university for some funding tomorrow. What should I wear?
 $500 million.
 I have figured out an experimental design that may corroborate my latest thinking on string theory. I just need 2,148 high-power lasers to compress 20 micrograms of gold into a small enough volume to make a microscopic black hole.
 But I need it. It's the only way to settle the contradictions between gravity and quantum mechanics. 
 Well, what if I ask for it in six easy installments of $83,333,333.33?
 I'm sorry, I'm trying to do science, not hire Lady Gaga to come to my birthday.
 Presumably, the wife of Lord Gaga. 
 That's oddly specific. Have you ever done that?
 So with this level of high-power laser array, we would actually be able to solve the black hole information paradox once and for all.
 $20 million.
 Not a chance.
 Because once you've spent $20 million, you're much more likely to give me an additional 50. 
 I can see why you'd think that, but no. You can't go to the board of trustees and say you gave Sheldon Cooper $70 million and have nothing to show for it. No. The only way you'd be able to save face is to double down.
 And then double again. 
 And then-- good news-- not quite double again. So, uh, what do you say? We have a deal? 
 No. That's only a two letter word. You're gonna have to double down.
 50 years? But I want to play with it now. 
 But what if while I'm being patient, someone more relentless than me badgers their university into giving them money?
 I'm not waiting for the university to come around. I'll find another way to raise the money. 
 Hello, Leonard. 
 Are you doing anything? 
 That was my guess, but I didn't want to assume. Can you help me shoot my Kickstarter video? 
 Of course not, but if I can raise enough seed money to show that I'm serious, I should be able to attract some major investors. And look at the cool incentives I'm offering. 
 Well, how about this? For $100,000, I will design the flag of your house or apartment. And for $1 million, I will come over and tell you what's wrong with you. 
 Don't be smug, Leonard. That's one of the things that's wrong with you. 
 Hey, Stuart, I'd like to sell some comic books. 
 The university is refusing to fund my experiment, so I need to raise money and do it on my own. 
 For a start, I'm trying to raise $500,000. 
 I know you're making a joke, but I really do have some valuable issues in here. And this is just the first box of many. 
 Yes. 
 Yeah. I know what it is. I'm the one who bought it, bagged it, boarded it and taped it shut while wearing white cotton gloves. 
 Just be gentle. It's never felt the touch of a man before. 
 Of course I don't want to sell these. These are all important to me, but not as important as science, and if this is the sacrifice I need to make, then so be it. 
 Is it okay if I stand here and watch? 
 If anyone asks, tell them I was brave.
 Of course not. Do you know how much it costs to pack a tuna fish sandwich in dry ice and overnight it from Texas? Well, I do, and my mother says it's too expensive. 
 Do you want it? I'll sell it to you for $5,000. 
 Oh, that depends. Raj, was that a "yes"? 
 It's going badly.
 Yeah, not enough. It's so frustrating that science should be held hostage to the almighty dollar. 
 Can you be more specific?
 Oh, you mean gambling. Mm. Oh. Well, that's not the worst idea.
 Ordinary people can't beat a casino, but mathematicians and scientists, they do it all the time. Yeah, a group of students from MIT took Las Vegas for millions, and that's MIT. Howard went there. 
 This is it. 
 Oh. Hi. It's better than okay. I am a physicist, and I have been observing this wheel for hours and running a chi-square analysis, which is how I know that the ball is far more likely to land on 32, 17 or five. So if you could hold off on replacing this wheel, I'd like to make several large bets. 
 What's pelican? 
 Oh, no. I have to place my bet first. This is for science. 
 No! No!
 Oh, guess who's no longer allowed to set foot in...? Wow! You look beautiful. 
 Why would you return it? You look like a pile of swans. I'm so glad you like it... because... it's gonna be my wedding dress. I can't wait to marry you. 
 I was in Vegas. 
 I'm sorry. Las Vegas.
 That's not right. That's so unreasonable. Yeah, well, if you're going to be like this, then I don't want to talk to you right now, either. Okay. I love you. Bye. 
 No, my mother. Guess who she's insisting we invite to our wedding.
 If only. My brother. 
 He tormented me my whole childhood. I don't think I should reward that type of behavior with a slice of wedding cake in the shape of the Millennium Falcon. 
 A slice of wedding cake in the shape of a cake. 
 That's right. I'm a grown-up, and if I don't want to invite him to my wedding, then I won't. 
 Except I have to because my mommy's making me. 
 Leonard, you have a brother, right? 
 Is he the worst? Is he an unspeakable abomination? Does the very thought of him make your skin crawl? 
 I'm trying to invite my stupid brother to my wedding and he's avoiding my calls. You don't know he's avoiding your calls. 
 See? And I know that's not a real number because why would it be toll-free? 
 You don't know what it was like growing up with him. 
  Yes, and, apparently, it only takes half a semester of community college to get that particular doctorate. 
 You're right, that was unfair. He's a loser who sells more tires than anyone in Texas. 
 Yes. And what is he even using that stethoscope to listen to?
 Hello, Georgie.
 Fine, George. No, I don't like it-- Georgie. 
 Thank you, that is a nice thing to say. 
 Why aren't you returning my phone calls?
 Nice try, but I am not a gullible little boy anymore. I can recognize sarcasm. 
 That's better, thank you. 
 I know you don't hear this a lot, but that is exactly right. Good job. 
 Georgie. 
  I would like you at my wedding. 
 It is fitting that you got into tires, because you are tiresome. 
 Was that too mean?
 No, Mother. That's not fair. But he told... Yes, ma'am. But I said... Yes, ma'am. Good-bye. 
 She's not getting in the middle of it because we "boys need to work it out ourselves." Oh, maybe it's fine if she doesn't come to the wedding. I've got Amy now, and she can do everything a mom can do and more. 
 This is all Georgie's fault. My whole childhood, he was mean to me. 
 Your brother bullied you? 
 Once, when I was eight, I was going to dress as my favorite scientist for Halloween, and Georgie threw my costume away. I had to wear a sheet and go as a ghost. Scared myself all night long. 
 All right. But if he says, "Nerd says what," don't answer him. 
 You are a lamb to the slaughter. 
 Hello. Room service? I'm calling about the club sandwich on your menu. No, I-I don't want one. I just want you to spell it correctly. Unless the "club" is the Poor Typing Club. Okay. Now let's discuss this 15% "gratuity"? Yeah-- well, that was rude. Someone just lost their gratuity. 
  I'm sorry? 
 I have nothing to apologize for. 
 While I appreciate your folksy tire wisdom, I don't appreciate what you're putting Mom through.
 Not now! 
 Mom did. Mom always took care of everything. 
 I talked to Mom all the time. If she was upset, she would have told me. 
 If things were bad, then why didn't you tell me? 
 I suppose I didn't think about how it was for everyone else. 
 I'm sorry. 
 And it would mean a lot to me to have my big brother at my wedding. 
 He said, "Never patch." Do you even listen? 
 Really good. Georgie's going to come to the wedding. 
 Why aren't you looking at the camera? 
 Well, that is nonsense. Your peripheral vision is fine. Are those women's magazines making you feel bad about yourself again? 
 I have told you before, those women are airbrushed to make it look like they have good vision. 
 That's a great idea! Hey, Leonard, good news. We do have time to visit the Museum of the American Railroad! 
 Wait, wait, are we talking about the wedding? 
 Oh, yeah, I was definitely one of those people. 
 That is a perfect metaphor, Amy. 
 Because it also involves a ring that binds me in servitude forever. 
 As am I. If you'd have told me as a child that an actor from Star Trek would be officiating my wedding, I would've said, "Ooh, William Shatner?" And if you'd have said, "No, Wil Wheaton," I'd have said, "Well, did you even try William Shatner?" And if you'd have said, "Yes, but he costs too much money," I'd have said, "Ah, well, Wil Wheaton's good, too." 
 I can't seem to get it even. 
 The Renaissance? Amy, you know I'm more of an Enlightenment person. At some point, we have to decide how we want to raise the children. 
 No. There is nothing in the world that would stop me from marrying you tomorrow, even me from the future coming back to prevent the wedding and the subsequent birth of a child who will destroy humanity. 
 I love you so damn much. 
 I can. I will not. Amy, you said something about my bow tie that I can't stop thinking about. 
 I'm so glad you made it, Missy. This is my fiancee, Amy. Amy, this is my sister. If I ever need a kidney, this is where you get it. 
 Really? Why? 
 Where's Mom? 
 Oh. Oh, I'm sorry. I was thinking about string theory. But catch me up. What'd I miss? 
 Are you having an allergic reaction to my boutonniere? 
 Don't be silly, Leonard. I will always be your problem.
 Hello, Mother. 
 Me, too. I miss him. 
 Thank you. I mean, for everything. My whole life. 
 No, no, no, it's all right. It's supposed to be a little asymmetrical. Apparently, a small flaw somehow improves it. 
 Excuse me. 
 Amy. Amy. Amy.
 There's something I need to tell you. Wow, you look amazing! That's not what I need to tell you. But you do! 
 My equations have been trying to describe an imperfect world, and the only way to do that is to introduce imperfection into the underlying theory. So, instead of supersymmetry, it would be super asymmetry? 
 Super asymmetry. That's it! Give me your lipstick. 
 So if I make slightly asymmetric knots with sheets in four dimensions, I can bootstrap the whole idea to a large asymmetry in 11 dimensions. 
 We're inventing it right now. 
 Actually, Amy and I had a breakthrough. 
 No, Penny's right. We have our whole lives to do science together. 
 Leonard. That's Mark Ha-Ha-Ha... It's-it's Mark Hami-Ha-Ha... 
 Thank you. When this is over, I have 4,000 things for you to sign. 
 Wolowitz got us an upgrade. 
 That's too religious. 
 I loved that study the moment I read it. Ironic, huh? 
 Is that growth linear or accelerating? 
 Oh, maybe we could graph it out. 
 Smart. 
 Amy... ...I usually know exactly what to say. But in this moment... I have no words. I guess... I'm overwhelmed by you. In a good way. Not in the elevator in the Haunted Mansion way. Even if I can't tell you now how I feel, I will spend my life showing you how much I love you. 
 I do. 

