 They were clever, Leonardrd. They exploited my complete lack of interest in what you were doing.
 Oh, even I know that’s lame.
 Interesting, her jaws are clenched, no tongue access, clearly a bad sign amongst mating humans.
 Please, you might as well have been two iguana with no dewlap enlargement.
 Oh, hi Penny. FYI, the hot water is inadequate on machine 2 so colours only, and 4 is still releasing the fabric softener too early in the cycle so I’d avoid using that for your delicates.
 Oh, good Lord. Why don’t you just take your clothes down to the river and beat them with a rock?
 I would prefer that you not, but I won’t go so far as to forbid it.
 Well I assume you’re not referring to digestive regularity? Because I’ve come to learn that such inquiries are inappropriate.
 Oh. Well, a few years ago he did go out with a woman who had a PhD in French Literature.
 Well, for one thing, she was French. For another, it was literature.
 That depends.
 Do you have a working knowledge of quantum physics?
 Do you speak Klingon?
 Do you know any card tricks?
 Why would you lie about that?
 You thought the opposite of stupid loser was community college graduate?
 Yeah, but you were neither.
 You’re asking me to keep a secret?
 Well I’m sorry, but you would have had to express that desire before revealing the secret, so that I could choose whether or not I wanted to accept the covenant of secret keeping. You can’t impose a secret on an ex post facto basis.
 Secret keeping is a complicated endeavour. One has to be concerned not only about what one says, but about facial expression, autonomic reflexes, when I try to deceive, I myself have more nervous tics than a lyme disease research facility.  It’s a joke. It relies on the hominymic relationship between tick the blood-sucking arachnid, and tic the involuntary muscular contraction. I made it up myself.
 Physiologically impossible.
 So you’re saying that friendship contains within it an inherent obligation to maintain confidences?
 Interesting. See, one more question, and perhaps I should have led with this, when did we become friends?
 I.e, I couldn’t become Green Lantern unless I was chosen by the guardians of Oa, but given enough start-up capital and an adequate research facility, I could be Batman.
 Sure. I’m Batman. See.
 Hi Penny.
 Why are you asking me, I have no information about your interactions with Penny other than what you provided me, nor do I have any method of learning such things. 
 Nothing. You seem to be implying an informational back channel between me and Penny where obviously none exists.
 I just think you need to be careful how you phrase things, sir.
 Well I might ask you the same question. Why do you insist on attempting to drag me into matters which have nothing to do with me? But exist between you and Penny. A person to whom I barely speak. 
 There’s no reason to bring my looks into this. Good day, Leonardrd.
 I said Good Day! 
 You must release me from my oath.
 Why don’t you take a minute to decide I can’t keep your secret Penny. I’m going to fold like an energy based anobo protein in conformational space. Like a renaissance triptych. Like a cheap suit.
 I’m constitutionally incapable. That’s why I was refused clearance for a very prestigious government research fellowship at a secret military supercollider, located beneath a fake agricultural station 12.5 miles south east of Travers City, Michigan. Which you did not hear about from me.
 Forget! You want me to forget? This mind does not forget. I haven’t forgotten a single thing since the day my mother stopped breast feeding me. It was a drizzly Tuesday.
 Leonardrd, I’m moving out.
 There doesn’t have to be a reason.
 Not necessarily. This is a classic example of munchausen’s trilemma. Either the reason is predicated on a series of sub-reasons leading to an infinite regression, or it tracks back to arbitrary axiomatic statements, or it’s ultimately circular, i.e., I’m moving out because I’m moving out.
 Leonardrd, I don’t see how I could have made it any simpler.
 If you’ll excuse me, I’m going to pack.
 It’s my pre-packed disaster evacuation bag. Recommended by the department of homeland security. And Sarah Connor.
 Until I find a permanent place I will stay with friends.
 Excuse me, but isn’t hosting guests an aspect of Menushya Yajna, one of the five central religious duties or sacrifices of the Hindu householder?
 Don’t be ridiculous, you love trains.
 This is a very old building.
 Uh-oh.
 Don’t you worry about the residual radium from the luminous dials?
 I can’t believe I didn’t bring my gieger counter. You know, I had it on my bed and I didn’t pack it.
 I’m kidding, I packed it. It was a joke, I was subverting the conversational expectations. I believe they call that the, um, old switcheroo.
 Is that woman Aishwarya Rai?
 Actually, I’d say she’s a poor man’s Madhuri Dixit.
 Sorry, I didn’t mean to offend you. Obviously you’re not that familiar with Indian cinema.
 I’ve never slept on an air mattress before. No lumbar support whatsoever.
 I don’t see any way to get a park bench in here.
 No, that’s fine. I’m perfectly comfortable sleeping on a bouncy castle.
 Now, only if you want to.
 Meh. That poster of Halle Berry’s a little unnerving.
 She’s like my fourth favourite catwoman.
 Yeah, Julie Newmar, Michelle Pfieffer, Eartha Kitt and then her.
 Oh, I forgot about Lee Meriwether.
 That makes Halle Berry my fifth favourite catwoman. There’s Julie Newmar, Michelle Pfieffer, Eartha Kitt, Lee Meriwether…
 I’m trying, I’m counting catwomen. She did make a fine mutant in the X-Men movies though.
 But she’s not my favourite of the X-Men, in order that would be Wolverine, Cyclops, oh wait, I forgot Professor X. Professor X, Wolverine, Cyclops, Iceman, then Storm, Angel, the Beast, oh wait, Nightcrawler. Professor X, Nightcrawler, Wolverine, Cyclops, Iceman, then Storm, Angel….
 Hey, there he is, there’s my old buddy-bud-bud.
 I’m ba-ack!
 I can’t tell you.
 I promised Penny.
 That I wouldn’t tell you the secret. Shhhhh!
 Mom smokes in the car. Jesus is okay with it, but we can’t tell Dad.
 I’m Batman. Shhhhh!
 Okay, I’ll tell you, but you can’t tell Leonardrd.
 Penny lied about graduating from community college because she is afraid she’s not smart enough for Leonardrd.
 I drank milk that tasted funny.
 I know, most of your work is extremely derivative. Don’t worry, that’s not a secret. Everybody knows.
 Worst Renaissance Fair ever.
 It was rife with historical inaccuracies. For example, the tavern girl serving flagons of mead, now her costume was obviously Germanic, but in 1487 the Bavarian purity laws or Rhineheitsgebot severely limited the availability of mead. At best they would have had some sort of spiced wine.
 Oh-ho! Really? Well here’s another nit for you. The flagons would not have been made of polypropylene.
 Bosoms would not have said howdy in the fifteenth century. If anything they would have said “huzzah!”
 Renaissance fair? More of a medieval slash age of enlightenment slash any excuse to wear a codpiece fair.
 That was not fifteenth century soap, my God those people need to learn you can’t just put “ye olde” in front of anything and expect to get away with it.
 You’re wearing modern underwear?
 I fashioned historically accurate undergarments out of linen.
 Don’t be silly, I borrowed one of your pillow cases.
 Notify the editors of the Oxford English Dictionary, the word plenty has been redefined to mean two.
 Oh no.
 Her research methodology is sloppy, she’s unjustifiably arrogant about loop quantum gravity, and to make matters worse she’s often mean to me.
 You’d hit particulate soil on a colloidal suspension. Mud.
 You know how I know we’re not in The Matrix?
 If we were, the food would be better.
 Hello to you, insufficiently intelligent person.
 Well, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to go do work that promises significant results, as opposed to what you do, which does not. Yeah, you heard me.
 Great news. My mom sent me my old Nintendo 64.
 You know what this means, don’t you? Break out the Red Bull, it’s time to rock Mario old school.
 But it’s Friday. Friday’s always vintage game night. Look, mom included the memory card, we can pick up where I left off in 1999 when I had pernicious anaemia.
 Well then, no problem, I have three controllers, the more the merrier.
 Oh, well you can’t blame me for not jumping to that conclusion.
 Well, statistically speaking…
 Leonardrd, I am a published theoretical physicist with two doctorates and an IQ which can’t be accurately measured by normal tests, how much scarcer could I be?
 You want me to leave the apartment?
 You mean just go someplace else and be… someplace else?
 Well, why should I leave, this is my apartment too.
 Well alright then.
 Playing Super Mario on a poorly coded Nintendo 64 emulator.
 I’m a modern day Napoleon exiled to the Elba of the staircase because Leonardrd, get this, has a date.
 Alone?
 What if I choke on my popcorn, who will administer the Heimlich manoeuvre.
 No popcorn at the mo… listen to yourself.
 I don’t drink coffee.
 What do they have?
 Pastries such as bearclaws?
 I don’t like bearclaws.
 Leslie Winkle. Of all the overrated physicists in all the labs in all the world, why does it have to be Leslie Winkle?
 Oh please. The only way she could make a contribution to science would be if they resume sending chimps into space.
 Everybody has a date. Even you, Mario, going after Princess Peach. And what am I doing, I’m just enabling you.
 I’m sorry to interrupt, batteries dying continue.
 Don’t forget the male pattern baldness. When his uncles sit around the dinner table they look like a half carton of eggs.
 I have to make pee-pee.
 I’m sorry, I am not going back to the Renaissance Fair.
 I don’t care. There are far too many historical anomalies for my comfort.
 You mean like Spock?
 Fascinating.
 If you’re having trouble deciding where to sit may I suggest one potato two potato, or as I call it the Leslie Winkle experimental methodology.
 It’s not hard. It’s simple. You can either sit with me, your friend, colleague and roommate, or you can sit with an overrated scientist you might have sex with.
 Penny.
 Alright, let’s say I go to dinner alone. And during the meal I have to use the rest room. How do I know someone’s not touching my food?
 Penny, hold on. Are you sure things can’t work out with you and Leonardrd?
 I’m just wondering if you really gave it the old college try? Or in your case the old community college try?
 Leonardrd is upstairs right now with my arch enemy.
 Yes, the Doctor Doom to my Mr Fantastic. The Doctor Octopus to my Spiderman. The Doctor Sivana to my Captain Marvel.
 Do you know, it’s amazing how many supervillains have advanced degrees. Graduate school should probably do a better job of screening those people out.
 Leslie Winkle, Penny. She belittles my research.
 She called me dumbass.
 Given this situation, I have no choice but to withdraw my previous objections to your ill considered relationship with Leonardrd.
 No, that response is unacceptable to me.
 Smart? I’d have to lose 60 IQ points to be classified as smart.
 I’m sorry.
 You continue to underestimate my abilities madam.
 Wait a minute, why am I doing all the giving here? If Leonardrd’s really my friend, why doesn’t he have to support me in my hatred of Leslie Winkle?
 Oh now you’re just making stuff up.
 Oh Mario. If only I could control everyone the way I control you. Hop, you little plumber, hop, hop, hop.
 When the two of you reach a natural stopping point I’d like to have a word.
 Leonardrd, you are my friend. And friends support their friends, apparently. So I am withdrawing my objection to your desire to have a relationship with Leslie.
 I will graciously overlook the fact that she is an arrogant sub-par scientist, who actually believes loop quantum gravity better unites quantum mechanics with general relativity than does string theory. You kids have fun.
 I’m listening, amuse me.
 Balderdash. Matter clearly consists of tiny strings.
 I hope so, it was a snort of derision.
 Look on the bright side.
 Only nine more months to comic-con.
 Captain, I’m getting an unusual reading.
 That’s a temporal anomaly. Corn dogs didn’t come into existence until the first half of the twentieth century.
 Fellow warriors, this is Sheldor the Conqueror. We are about to enter Axel’s fortress. Now this is a long run, so let’s do another bladder check. Alright Barry, we’ll wait for you again, but you really should see a doctor.  Sheldor is AFK.  Penny, are you experiencing some sort of difficulty?
 You appear to have put your car key in the door lock, are you aware of that?
 Alright then. 
 Would it be possible for you to do this a little more quietly?
 Well that’s not surprising. That Baldwin lock on your door uses traditional edge mounted cylinders, whereas the key for your Volkswagon uses a centre cylinder system.
 You’re welcome. Point of inquiry, why did you put your car key in the door lock?
 Well, the American Midwest was mostly settled by Scandinavian and Germanic peoples who, well they have a characteristic facial bone structure….
 Well, actually, insects are a dietary staple in many cultures, they’re almost pure protein.
 I believe the condensation on your frozen foods weakened the structural integrity of the bag. But returning to your key conundrum, perhaps you should call a locksmith and have him open the door for you.
 And you’re frustrated because he phrased his reply in the form of a meaningless tautology?
 There there. Would you prefer to wait in our apartment?
 Alright then.
 Just when I think I’ve gotten the hang of sarcasm.
 Make yourself comfortable. Not there. Sheldor is back online.
 The Conqueror.
 AFK. I’m playing Age of Conan, an online multiplayer game set in the universe of Robert E. Howard’s Conan the Barbarian.
 Sheldor, back online.
 AFK. Away from keyboard.
 What does that stand for?
 Yes, but what does it stand for?
 Now just click on the enchanted boots to put them on.
 Just click on them. Congratulations, you are now a level three warrior.
 It doesn’t matter, right now you’re looking for treasure.
 You’re okay, if you run into crocodiles just kick them with your boots.
 Well let’s see, uh, she attempted to open her apartment with her car key, because her face is overly Midwestern, um, she hasn’t had sex in six months, and she ate a fly.
 Level three and she thinks she’s rich! What a noob.
 They make up a non-Newtonian fluid which is liquid, but solid under the percussive action of the speaker.
 Do you have the enchanted sword?
 You can’t slay the guard captain with a bronze dagger, my Lord it’s like the car key in your apartment door all over again.
 Well, have you been to the Temple of Mithra?
 No, no, no, it’s… oh for God’s sakes, gimme. 
 You’re going to have to learn to do these things for yourself, Penny.
 There you go, one enchanted sword.
 That girl needs to get a life.
 Danger, danger.
 You’re in my bedroom.
 People can’t be in my bedroom.
 I’m not wearing pyjama bottoms.
 I spilled grape juice.
 I can’t wear different pyjamas, these are my Monday pyjamas. Penny, people cannot be in my bedroom.
 You were invited on a quest to the Black Castle?
 Of course it’s not, you’re only a level 25, the Hungarians are just using you for dragon fodder.
 Please Penny, enough, I have to sleep.
 I realise that Dr Gablehauser but it is your job, as head of the department, to mediate all inter-departmental disputes. University policy manual chapter four, subsection two, mediation of inter-departmental disputes.
 No she doesn’t.
 Here’s the problem. I was clearly signed up to use the mainframe in Buckman 204, and Dr Winkle just wantonly ripped the sign-up sheet off the wall.
 If it is a crime to ensure that the universities resources are not being squandered chasing sub-atomic wild geese then I plead guilty. Oh, Penny!
 God, no.
 Oh yeah, well, you wouldn’t even be nominated. Dr Gablehauser, I have a series of important multi-bit calculations and simulations to run. All she’s doing is reducing irrelevant data and making a mock…
 Hello. Penny, this is not a good time. No, I told you, you’re not prepared for the Sanctum of Burning Souls. You need to be in a group of at least five for that quest, and one should be a level 35 healer. Penny, I can’t log on and help you. We’ll talk when I get home. I’m not getting the computing time, am I?
 Leonardrd, you have to do something about Penny. She is interfering with my sleep, she’s interfering with my work, and if I had another significant aspect of my life, I’m sure she’d be interfering with that too.
 Well, yes, but you’re the one who said hello to her when she moved in. If you’d simply restrained yourself none of this would be happening.
 I did. I told her, I texted her, I sent out a very emphatic twitter. I even changed my facebook status to Sheldon Cooper wishes Penny would leave him alone. I don’t know what else to do.
 I don’t know, but if you don’t figure something out, I warn you I shall become very difficult to live with.
 Yes.
 Danger, danger.
 Oh yeah, well your attempt at juvenilizing me by excluding me from the set of adult males…. oh, I’m too tired to do this.
 She comes into my room. No-one’s supposed to be in my room.
 Hang on, Leonardrd, while I have no respect for Leslie as a scientist, or a human being for that matter, we have to concede her undeniable expertise in the interrelated fields of promiscuity and general sluttiness.
 Some what? Oh, yes, some sexual intercourse.
 Yeah, yeah, enough debate, I’m going to take action. Excuse me, are you currently involved in a sexual relationship?
 Would you like to be?
 Zip it pip it. Can I have your phone number?
 There, problem solved.
 Stay close to the wall. Avoid the mummies.
 I must say, you’re playing very well for a woman of 23?
 Right. 22. 
 What happened to the rest of your group?
 Frenzy stance.
 So listen, would you describe your ideal vacation as a wild adventure to unknown lands, or staying at home curled up with a good book?
 These are market research questions. I’m filling out the online registration for your game.
 Drink a healing potion.
 You’re welcome. Anyhow, on a scale of 1 to 5, with 1 being always initiated by him, and 5 being always initiated by you, how do you prefer your sexual encounters to begin?
 Oh yes, it’s quite extensive. But if we complete it, we get a free expansion pack, 75 additional quests.
 Good to know. Big old five.
 Leonardrd, this is Tom.
 Yes, you were very clear, as was everyone else at the table. Tom, however, has been chosen by science as a suitable mate for Penny.
 Well, what passes for science on dating sites. They claim to use heuristic algorithms, but it may well be hokum.
 No, of course not. No, I used trickery and deceit.
 Tom is a paramedic with the fire department, but he’s going to med school at night, uh, he likes the outdoors, and, uh, strong women who initiate sex.
 I’m surprised you struck out with Penny. Apparently she’s a big old five.
 Oh, good, you got my note. Penny, I’d like you to meet Tom, uh, Penny, this is Tom, Tom, may I present Penny.
 Can we talk about this later.
 But wouldn’t you prefer to socialise with Tom, who is a sexually passive outdoorsman.
 Sit over there. Baby wipe?
 I’ll tell you why.
 I had to sanitize my hands because the university replaced the paper towels in the rest rooms with hot air blowers.
 Hot air blowers are incubators and spewers of bacteria and pestilence. Frankly it would be more hygienic if they just had a plague infested gibbon sneeze my hands dry.
 Excuse me. Thirty what, under thirty what, to watch what?
 If I had a million guesses I never would have gotten that.
 I’m confused. Was there some sort of peer review committee to determine which scientists would be included?
 What people?
 Yeah, but exactly who are these people? What are their credentials, how are they qualified, what makes accidentally noticing a hunk of rock that’s been traipsing around the solar system for billions of years more noteworthy than any other scientific accomplishment made by someone under thirty?
 In general, yes.
 Oh, there’s my missing neutrino. You were hiding from me as an unbalanced charge, weren’t you, you little subatomic Dickens?
 Here, look, look, I found my missing neutrino.
 Apologise, for what?
 I sense you’re trying to tell me something.
 Oh! No, I beg to differ. Of the three of us, I was by far the most supportive.
 How will Raj ever reach true greatness if his friends lower the bar for him? When I was eleven, my sister bought our father a “world’s greatest dad” coffee mug, and frankly the man coasted until the day he died.
 I had not considered that.
 I often forget other people have limitations. It’s so sad.
 But I’m not.
 Fine, what do you want me to do?
 Dr Gablehauser.
 Well, you didn’t discover him, you merely noticed he was here, much like he did with 2008 NQ sub 17.
 Oh, sorry. 
 He gets a new office, I can’t even get paper towels in the men’s room?
 Damn, this is hard. 
 Aaaah!
 Right, a ball of hot flaming gas that collapses in on itself. 
 Have we at this point met our social obligations?
 Now?
 There’s a tribe in Papua New Guinea where, when a hunter flaunts his success to the rest of the village they kill him, and drive away evil spirits with a drum made of his skin. Superstitious nonsense of course, but one can see their point. 
 I can make it, but I won’t.
 A tremendous accomplishment would be if the planetary body he discovered were plummeting toward Earth and he exploded it with his mind.
 Now?
 Did you remember to ask for the chicken with broccoli to be diced not shredded?
 Even though the menu description specifies shredded?
 Brown rice, not white?
 Did you stop at the Korean grocery and get the good hot mustard.
 Did you pick up the low sodium soy sauce from the market?
 Thank you.
 What took you so long?
 Fine. 
 I want you to check before you accept the order.
 Were you distracted by the possibility that Koothrappali might have intercourse with Penny tonight?
 Then there’s no excuse for this chicken. You know, this situation with Koothrapali brings to mind a story from my childhood.
 That’s Northwest Texas, I’m from East Texas, the Gulf region, home to many Vietnamese shrimpers.
 No. Anyway, when I was eight, a Montgomery-Ward delivery van ran over our cat, Lucky.
 Yes, Lucky.
 While others mourned Lucky, I realised his untimely demise provided me with the opportunity to replace him with something more suited to my pet needs. A faithful companion that I could snuggle with at night, and yet would be capable of killing upon telepathic command.
 Please, no, nothing so pedestrian. I wanted a griffin.
 Yes, half eagle, half lion.
 Irrelevant. See, I was studying recombinant DNA technology and I was confident I could create one, but my parents were unwilling to secure the necessary eagle eggs and lion semen. Course my sister got swimming lessons when she wanted them.
 My point is, if Koothrappali is moving on to a new life of shallow, undeserved fame, perhaps this is an opportunity to create a better cohort.
 That’s one option, but who has the time? But consider this, the Japanese, they’re doing some wonderful work with artificial intelligence, now, you combine that with some animatronics from the imagineers over at Disney, next thing you know, we’re playing Halo with a multi-lingual Abraham Lincoln.
 Uh, for the record, it could kill us to meet new people. They could be murderers, or the carriers of unusual pathogens, and I’m not insane, my mother had me tested.
 He should share our love of technology.
 Good morning, Leonardrd.
 Yeah, we’re going to have to stop by Pottery Barn on the way to work, I bought these Star Wars sheets but they turned out to be much too stimulating to be compatible with a good night’s sleep. I don’t like the way Darth Vader stares at me.
 Oh, just because your career’s been stagnant for a few years, that’s no reason to give up.
 Did the laser accidentally burn out your retinas?
 Then you can drive. Let’s go.
 You did.
 I didn’t. Let’s go.
 But how am I going to get to work?
 I can’t take the bus any more. They don’t have seatbelts. And they won’t let you lash yourself to the seat with bungee cords.
 I didn’t try, I succeeded. For some reason it alarmed the other passengers and I was asked to de-bus.
 Don’t talk to me like I’m a child. Now, take me to return my star wars sheets!
 Penny, Penny, Penny…
 Leonardrd’s asleep.
 No, wait. You have to drive me to work.
 But I don’t drive, and I can’t take the bus.
 Penny. Didn’t you recently state that you and I are friends?
 Then I hereby invoke what I’m given to understand is an integral part of the implied covenant of friendship. The favour.
 I’m sorry, I didn’t realize I was interrupting your morning prayers. When you’re done, we’ll go.
 Thank you for driving me to work.
 Oh, good. I’m not keeping you from anything. Your check engine light is on.
 Typically that’s an indicator. To, you know, check your engine.
 Well, actually, that would be all the more reason to, you know, check your engine.
 If it were fine, the light wouldn’t be on. That’s why the manufacturer installed that light, to let you know it’s not fine.
 Is there a “check the check engine light light”?  O-o-o-oh!
 Studies have shown that performing tasks such as eating, talking on a cell phone or drinking coffee while driving reduces one’s reaction time by the same factor as an ounce of alcohol.
 Of course not.
 You’re going up Euclid Avenue?
 Leonardrd takes Los Robles Avenue.
 Euclid Avenue is shorter as the crow flies, but it has speed bumps, which appreciably increase point-to-point drive time, making it the less efficient choice. But you have the conn. Of course, if you’re not going to slow down for the speed bumps, I withdraw my previous objection. Here’s a fun question. Do you know what the most common street name is?
 The answer’s tricky. It’s Second Street. You see, you’d think it would be First Street, but in most towns, First Street eventually gets renamed to something else, you know, like Main Street, Broad Street, Michigan Avenue. Leonardrd and I often use our commute time to exercise our minds  with brain-teasers like that. We also play games. Would you like to play one?
 Oh, come on, it’s fun. Ooh! Another bump. Okay. I’ll say an element, and uh, you say an element whose name starts with the last letter of the one I said, okay? I’ll start. Helium. Now, you could say Mercury. That would give me a Y. Ooh.  Very clever, that’s a tough one. So I go Ytterbium, which gets you back to M. So you go Molybdenum, and I say Magnesium, you say Manganese, and  I say Europium, and, and you’re left with Mendelevium, and  there are no more M’s because I believe that Meitnerium should still be called Ekairidium, so congratulations, you win. Do you wanna go again?
 All right. Hmm, huh, I’m sorry, I’m finding your reckless nonchalance regarding the check-engine light to be very troubling.
 Well, I have to tell you that while I do have a theoretical understanding of the workings of an internal combustion engine, I’m not sure I’m capable of performing diagnostics.
 Okay. I’ll give it a shot.
 Oh, Leonardrd, there you are, I’m ready to go home.
 Good, perfect timing.
 No, you said you couldn’t drive me to work, this is from work.
 Now, how do you propose I get home?
 Penny. But I sense that’s no longer an option.
 Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Oh God, not Euclid Avenue! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
 We had a difference of opinion.
 Whether or not he was trying to kill me. For the record, I maintain he was. Where are you going?
 Oh, but I’m not going home. It’s Wednesday, Wednesday is new comic book day, we have to go to the comic book store. And then we have to stop at Soup Plantation, it’s creamy tomato soup day, and Radio Shack, there’s a sale on triple-a batteries. Plus, we have to go to Pottery Barn and return my Star Wars sheets.
 You want to go to pottery barn first?
 Can you drive me to Pottery Barn? Maybe if I turn off the night-light, I can keep the sheets.
 Good morning.
 She’s in my spot. Don’t look at me like that, everybody knows that my spot.
 Department of motor vehicles new driver handbook? But I don’t have a problem.
 Why Penny?
 Hold on, I have one condition.
 We have to stop at Pottery Barn.
 And Radio Shack.
 And the comic book store.
 I just don’t see why I need a driver’s license, Albert Einstein never had a driver’s license.
 I was otherwise engaged.
 Examining perturbative amplitudes in n=4 supersymmetric theories leading to a re-examination of the ultraviolet properties of multi-loop n=8 supergravity using modern twistor theory.
 I’m actually more of a theorist.
 Oh.
 Excuse me, but I have some concerns about these questions.
 Yes?
 No.
 Just, look, see, this first question makes no sense, how many car lengths should you leave in front of you when driving? There’s no possible way to answer that, a car length is not a standardized unit of measure.
 I don’t need your help, Penny.
 No, no, wait, no, hang on, look at this next question.
 How else are they going to learn? Look, question 2, when are roadways most slippery? Now, okay, there are three answers, none of which are correct. The correct answer is, when covered by a film of liquid sufficient to reduce the coefficient of static friction between the tire and the road to essentially zero, but not so deep as to introduce a new source of friction.
 But I’m not done. I have many additional concerns about these questions.
 Aced it.
 Is that why I appear to be in downtown Fallujah, behind the wheel of an up-armored Humvee?
 Ooh!
 Hmmmm?
 Statistically, red cars are stopped by police far more often than any other colour. I don’t want any hassles with the fuzz.
 You know the pale blue of Luke Skywalker’s lightsaber, before it was digitally remastered?
 I haven’t fastened my seat belt yet.
 Click. Now, are there air bags?
 What if a simulated van rear-ends me?
 Thank you.
 Sorry… excuse me… my bad… student driver…
 I don’t know. I was on the Pasadena freeway, I missed my exit, flew off the overpass, and one thing led to another.
 No. I quit.
 Remind me to compliment Wolowitz on the software, it’s amazingly detailed.
 No, I’m not giving up, I never give up.
 I’m transcending the situation. I’m clearly too evolved for driving.
 Leonardrd, have you ever wondered why my little toes and lateral incisors are significantly smaller than the average for someone of my size?
 Well, those are indicators that I’m farther along the evolutionary scale than the average human.
 Well, no, no, I’m not going to go so far as to say that I represent a distinct new stage in humankind, you know, a Homo Novus, if you will, no, that’s for anthropologists to decide. But I am convinced that the reason I cannot master the plebeian task of driving is because I’m not meant to.
 No, no. Leonardrd, I’m meant for greater things, like unraveling the mysteries of the universe, not determining when it’s safe to pass a stopped school bus on a country road.
 Yeah, well, I know that now.
 Homo Novus doesn’t know.
 Good morning, gentlemen.
 You saw nothing! 
 Forget it.
 It’s a waste of time. I might as well explain the laws of thermodynamics to a bunch of labradoodles.
 Hello. Nice work with the laser, by the way. Looking out at your fresh young faces, I remember when I too was deciding my academic future as a lowly graduate student. Of course, I was 14, and I’d already achieved more than most of you could ever hope to, despite my 9 o’clock bedtime. Now, there may be one or two of you in this room who has what it takes to succeed in theoretical physics, although, it’s more likely that you’ll spend your scientific careers teaching fifth graders how to make paper mache volcanoes with baking soda lava.
 In short, anyone who told you that you would someday be able to make any significant contribution to physics played a cruel trick on you, a cruel trick indeed. Any questions? Of course not. I weep for the future of science. Now if you’ll excuse me, the latest issue of Batman is out. Come, Leonardrd.
 The truth can indeed be a finger down the throat of those unprepared to hear it. But why should I cater to second-rate minds?
 Oh, yeah? Well… you’re a mean person.
 That is the prevailing opinion.
 Amazing, an intelligent labradoodle.
 The fact is I’m quite close to a breakthrough in showing how neutrinos emerge from a string-net condensate.
 It’s what I do.
 I don’t drink coffee.
 I do eat dinner.
 I never eat in strange restaurants. One runs the risk of non-standard cutlery.
 Three tines is not a fork, three tines is a trident. Forks are for eating, tridents are for ruling the seven seas.
 That would be acceptable. On Mondays, I eat Thai food. Mee krob and chicken sate with extra peanut sauce from Siam Palace.
 What a nice girl.
 Yes. Apparently I’m getting a free dinner.
 Oh, hello.
 Did you enjoy the humorous footnote where I illustrate mirror-symmetry by likening it to the Flash playing tennis with himself?
 My hypotheses tend to have that effect.
 Yes.
 Not in these pants.
 Oh, great. She’s smart, insightful and she has a very unique way of, you know, revering me.
 Thank you. Did anyone touch it?
 Ramona pointed out that I’ve been wasting 20 minutes a day standing on cafeteria lines.
 You don’t tackle the big issues, Ramona. You fence with them. En garde. Riposte.
 Oh, good one.
 Well, to paraphrase Mozart, all the subatomic particles are there, I just have to put them in the right order.
 Aren’t I?
 Yes, I’m close to a breakthrough. Ooh, it tickles
 Oh, yes, it’s Halo night. Let me just dry my tootsies.
 Yes, I am. It’s Wednesday. Wednesday’s Halo night.</i>
 He did.
 Me. Sorry, Leonardrd.
 You heard her. How can I argue with me?
 I prefer to think of it as I’m pulling them forward.
 He does on Wednesdays.
 He does want that. Does a man with my intellectual gifts play paintball on weekends?
 Drat.
 I suppose. Battlestar Galactica comes on tonight. I guess I can wait for the DVD.And then never ever watch it.
 Penny, Penny, Penny
 Please, please, I don’t have a lot of time. Look, Ramona finally dozed off, and I need you to help me get rid of her.
 I don’t know, but apparently I’m in some kind of relationship, and you seem to be an expert at ending them.
 I see man after man leaving this apartment never to return.
 Hide me.
 I formally request sanctuary.
 Um… she distracted me. I told you, Penny, I don’t have time for your nonsense, I have important things to do.
 It’s Morse code.
 So we can communicate through the wall.
 Yes, but the communication is not encrypted.
 It’s very simple. This is A  this is B this is C…
 All right.
 Shh! Ramona’s sleeping on the couch.
 Never, that’s the problem. I need your help.
 I’m invoking the Skynet clause of our friendship agreement.
 Come on! Don’t nitpick!
 Shh. All right, I’m invoking our bodysnatchers clause.
 Yes. She’s in the living room. Go, I’ll wait here.
 Now! Do it!
 Godzilla clause?
 Rats.
 I’ve got it! I finally reconciled the black hole information paradox with my theory of string-network condensates!
 And I could not have done it without you.
 It was a lot more than that. You helped me work out the masses of all the fermions, and you pumiced my hammer toe. How can I ever repay you?
 Who’s Nowitzki?
 Oh, you want me to share credit?
 Get out!
 Maybe when I publish it, I’ll include an inhaler.
 Let’s see, today’s Thursday. Thursday nights, I eat pizza from Giacomo’s. Sausage, mushrooms, light olives.
 What a nice girl.
 Yes, I’m getting a free pizza. I’m on a roll.
 More Pad Thai, please.
 Just one more bite.
 I’m just so… full.
 Time. Alright Klingons, pencils down.
Have it.
Yup.
 Got it. Yup.
 Yeah. Yeah.
 Bilurrrbe.
 What’s wrong with your TV?
 Excuse me, Penny, but we’re…
 …playing Klingon Boggle.
 All right, if you must watch, then mute it with closed captions, please.
 All right, Boggle warriors, kapla’!
 Oh! Worf, nice! Too bad that’s a proper noun.
 Is qochbe’ spelled with a (gargling) or a (guttural grunt)?
 All right, pencils down! I have lokh, makh, and cherrrkh. Anybody got those?
 Is my hamburger medium well?
 Dill slices, not sweet?
 Individual relish packets?
 Onion rings?
 Extra breading?
 What did they say?
 Did you protest?
 Vociferously?
 Well, then what took you so long?
 Oh, do we have to suffer through this transparently manipulative pseudo-reality again?
 You and I have a standing TV schedule which is the result of extensive debate and compromise. Any alterations except for breaking news have to be pre-approved at the weekly roommate meeting.
 But you have to make a motion to put it on agenda.
 Fine. Mock Parliamentary procedure. At least put it on mute.
 Who touched my…
 Why would you do that?
 The big deal is that nobody touches food on my plate.
 Well, I’m sorry, but that is your second strike.
 You have two strikes. Three strikes and you’re out. It’s a sports metaphor.
 Yes, baseball.
 March 18th. You violated my rule about forwarding email humour.
 The photo of the cat who wants to “has cheezburger”?
 I trusted you with my email address, and you betrayed that trust by sending me Internet banality, strike one. Touching my food, strike two.
 And then you put it back, compromising the integrity of all the other onion rings.
 Look, Penny, I wish I could be more lenient with you, but since you’ve become a permanent member of our social group I have to hold you to the same standards as everybody else.
 You’re sitting in my spot.
 Leonardrd, she’s in my spot.
 All right, that’s it. Strike three.
 No one said anything of the kind to Neil Armstrong, the entire nation dedicated a decade of effort and treasure to put a man on the moon.
 Wait. Excuse me. You forgot my barbecue bacon cheeseburger, barbecue sauce, bacon and cheese on the side.
 Why?
 You can’t do that. Not only is it a violation of California state law, it flies directly in the face of Cheesecake Factory policy.
 Thank you.
 Greetings, hamburger toucher. You are probably wondering why you cannot IM with your little friends about how much you heart various things. Well, this recorded message is alerting you that I am putting an end to your parasitic piggybacking upon our WiFi. If you want to remedy the situation you can contact the phone company, set up your own WiFi and pay for it, or you may apologize to me.
 Hello, puny insects. As a consequence of your efforts to circumvent my will, everyone is awarded one additional strike.
 Oh! Hello.
 It’s Saturday night. Saturday is laundry night.
 What are you implying?
 No problem, I’ll just do my laundry another night.
 Woman, you are playing with forces beyond your ken.
 Yes?
 Your clothes?
 Really? Despite the sign that says “Do not leave laundry unattended”?
 You know, I do recall seeing some female undergarments. Where was that? Oh, yes, earlier this evening I happened to gaze out the window and a brassiere caught my eye. Do those look familiar?
 When you understand the laws of physics, Penny, anything is possible. And may I add, mwah-ha-ha!
 Apologize.
 Well, then may I suggest you get a very long stick and play panty pinata.
 I’ve done no stupid things.
 I am meeting you halfway, I’m willing to concede that you’ve done some stupid things.
 I had no choice, Leonardrd, she ruined laundry night.
 Mwah-ha-ha.
 Who is it?
 Oh, good. Hi, Mom. How are you? But, Mom, she keeps sitting in my spot. And, and she touched my food. Okay, yes, I took her clothes, but she started it. No, that’s not fair. Why should I have to apologize? Yeah, I really don’t think this is the kind of thing Jesus concerns himself with. No, you’re right, I don’t really know what Jesus thinks about. All right, good-bye. Did you tell on me?
Penny, Penny, Penny…  I am very, very sorry for what I have done. Here’s your laundry, I rescind your strikes and you are no longer banished.
 Thank you.
 Penny.
 Well played.
 Just remember
 Oh look, Saturn 3 is on.
 How is Deep Space Nine better than Saturn 3?
 In what sense is that a compromise?
 Ooh, I don’t think so. No, anecdotal evidence suggests that in the game of rock-paper-scissors, players familiar with each other will tie 75 to 80% of the time due to the limited number of outcomes. I suggest rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock.
 It’s very simple. Look, scissors cuts paper. Paper covers rock. Rock crushes lizard. Lizard poisons Spock. Spock smashes scissors. Scissors decapitates lizard. Lizard eats paper. Paper disproves Spock. Spock vaporizes rock. And as it always has, rock crushes scissors.
 Rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock! Oh!
 Oh yes, like the male peacock with brilliant plumage or the rutting baboon with engorged hindquarters.
 I’m sorry, but I’m not going to watch the Clone Wars TV series until I’ve seen the Clone Wars movie. I prefer to let George Lucas disappoint me in the order he intended.
 Then I believe we’ve arrived at another quintessential rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock moment.
 What did I do?
 What happened?
 Defcon 5? Well, there’s no need to rush.
 Defcon 5 means no danger. Defcon 1 is a crisis.
 Okay, first of all, that’s a comparison of quality, not intensity. Secondly, Star Trek I is orders-of-magnitude worse than Star Trek V.
 No, no, no. Star Trek V has specific failures in writing and direction, while Star Trek I fails across the board, art direction, costuming, music, sound editing.
 All right, will you at least stipulate that Star Trek IV
 Where?
 You brought a girl to the Mars Rover control room?
 So what exactly do you want us to do?
 Really? They don’t let strange women from honky-tonks come in and play with $200million government projects on distant planets?
 Oh, how nice. Maybe they can carpool when they visit you in federal prison.
 I believe the appropriate metaphor here involves a river of excrement and a Native American water vessel without any means of propulsion.
 Plus I understand you have to be standing next to the vehicle with your card when they arrive.
 Snap what?
 Why wasn’t that Plan A?
 Will you all excuse me? Leonardrd is subtly signalling that he’d like to talk to me in private.
 Is there some problem?
 All right, goodbye.
 Where are you going?
 Who would ask me?
 So you brought me in here to inform me that you can’t tell me where you’re going and you can’t tell me who might ask?
 Leonardrd, a moment.
 If someone, and of course, we don’t know who this would be, does ask where you’ve gone, what should I say?
 Are you going to the office?
 Then how can I say it convincingly?
 All right. Leonardrd went to the office.
 This would have worked out a lot better if you’d just told me you were going the office.
 See? Why don’t I believe you?
 Doesn’t anyone want to know where he’s going?
 Leonardrd is going to the office.
 Rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock.
 Okay, one of us is going to have to stop putting up Spock.
 Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock. Oh!
 Hello.
 Howard is employing a schoolyard paradigm in which you are, for all intents and purposes, deceased. He intends to act on this by not speaking to you, feigning an inability to hear you when you speak and otherwise refusing to acknowledge your existence.
 I don’t make the rules, Leonardrd.
 I believe this is an extension of the death metaphor. The cold breeze is the so-called ectoplasmic issue of a disembodied soul passing by.
 Look I’m sorry, you violated the terms of your metaphor by acknowledging her existence. I’m out.
 Penny, hello.
 What is shaking?
 It’s colloquial, a conversation opener. So, do you find the weather satisfying? Are you currently sharing in the triumph of some local sports team?
 I’m striking up a casual conversation with you. S’u’up?
 All right, But I’m given to understand that when you have something awkward to discuss with someone, it’s more palatable to preface it with banal chit chat.
 No.
 Oh, good, I used that right. Anyway, you’re aware that Leonardrd has entered into a new romantic relationship which includes a sexual component?
 Her name is Dr. Stephanie Barnett and she is a highly distinguished surgical resident at Freemont Memorial.
 Good. What he may have left out is how important this relationship is to me.
 Yes, see, of the handful of women Leonardrd’s been involved with, she’s the only one I have ever found tolerable.
 The statement stands for itself.
 Anyway, should you have any interaction with her, it would be most helpful that she not see you as a sexual rival.
 You say that now, but consider the following scenario, you’re sitting in your apartment, it’s late, you’re alone, your hypothalamus is swimming in a soup of estrogen and progesterone and suddenly even Leonardrd seems like a viable sexual candidate, or a, uh, hookup as it’s referred to by today’s urban youth.
 Yes. Now, should that happen, I would ask you to find some way to suppress your libido.
 Fine, whatever works.
 Uh, peace out!
 Well, this is very pleasant.
 And you said there’d never be enough pasta for the three of us.
 You know, Italian housewives have a rule of thumb. A handful of dry pasta about an inch in diameter is sufficient for each person as it doubles in volume when cooked.
 Thank you.
 Well, Stephanie, since Leonardrd seems to be dropping the conversational ball, I guess I’ll just have to pick it up. Have you ever witnessed a violent crime?
 Good. What’s your favourite fruit?
 Hmm, technically not a fruit, but all right. Where did you do your medical internship?
 Really? That’s where I was born!
 I spent so much of my childhood at that hospital. When I was 12, I got to ride there in a helicopter.
 Radiation burns. A little mishap while I was building my own cat scanner.
 No, I didn’t try, I succeeded. In fact, I was briefly able to see the inside of my sister’s guinea pig, Snowball, before he caught fire. It led to an interesting expression in our house, not a snowball’s chance in a cat scanner.
 Excuse me. When I come back, just for fun, the subject will be alternative history. Specifically, how would the civil war have gone differently if Lincoln had been a robot sent from the future? Look at that, there’s even pasta left over.
 I do. Do you? Because frankly, you’ve been in a foul mood since I sat down.
 To help. Look, if you fail at this relationship, and history suggests you will, then we risk losing the medical officer that our landing party has always needed.
 You’re Kirk, I’m Spock, Wolowitz is Scotty, Koothrappali is the guy who always gets killed, and now we’ve got McCoy.
 I have a bone to pick with you, sir.
 Hi, Stephanie. I’m sorry I’m late, but your companion left the most indecipherable invitation.
 We’re going to the movies. What movie? What theatre? What time? If you were trying to make it impossible to locate you, you couldn’t have done a better job.
 It took me nearly 20 minutes to go through the browser history on your computer to see what movie times you looked up. Wait here, I’ll find us seats.
 My apologies, you’ve been sitting in it all along. Leonardrd, you want to slide over one?
 Oh, yeah, this is it.
 Leonardrd, Leonardrd, Leonardrd.
 Tell me what you see here.
 This is Stephanie’s facebook page. Now, where it should say in a relationship, what does it say?
 Yeah, furthermore, earlier this evening, she threw a digital sheep at some guy named Mike. Who’s Mike? Why does he get a digital sheep and not you?
 You don’t see it, do you? We’re losing her.
 I’m afraid I can’t allow that. Pursuant to Starfleet General Order 104 Section A, you are deemed unfit and I hereby relieve you of your command.
 Give me one good reason why not.
 Penny, Penny, Penny.
 This is banana bread.
 It’s my understanding that an unsolicited gift of food can be a precursor to an impromptu invitation to come in and chat.
 I suppose I could spare a few minutes. Were you robbed?
 How can you be sure?
 I’m certain this will come as no surprise to you, but Leonardrd is failing in yet another relationship.
 She’s sending virtual livestock to random men on the internet. If I have any hope of keeping them together, I need data. Specifically, I need to know exactly what Leonardrd did that caused you to pop an emotional cap in his buttocks.
 Again, urban slang. In which, I believe I’m gaining remarkable fluency. So, what is the down and the low? And don’t worry, this is all entirely confidential, so, you feel free to include any and all shortcomings in the bedroom.
 Because?
 It’s not enough that you made me watch that movie, but now you mock me with it?
 Gentlemen, I have a question about dating and relationships.
 More to the point, it’s about finding a way to keep Leonardrd and Stephanie together.
 Well, why not?
 Yes, I’m aware of the math, Y equals 27 days over 12 to the nth, the issue remains, how do we circumvent his inevitable rejection?
 So, that’s all you’ve got? Apocalyptic genocide and go easy on the cologne?
 Penny, Penny.
 Penny. Zucchini bread.
 May I come in?
 I see. Apparently my earlier inquiry regarding you and Leonardrd crossed some sort of line. I apologize.
 So, have you and I returned to a social equilibrium?
 Great. New topic. Where are you in your menstrual cycle?
 I’ve been doing some research online, and apparently female primates, you know, uh, apes, chimpanzees, you, they find their mate more desirable when he’s being courted by another female. Now, this effect is intensified when the rival female is secreting the pheromones associated with ovulation. Which brings me back to my question, where are you in. Clearly, I’m 14 days too early.
 Oh, hi Stephanie.
 I have a craving for white asparagus that apparently is destined to go unsatisfied.
 I’m helping you with Stephanie.
 When I fail to open this jar and you succeed it will establish you as the alpha male. You see, when a female witnesses an exhibition of physical domination she produces the hormone oxytocin. If the two of you then engage in intercourse this will create the biochemical reaction in the brain which lay people naively interpret as falling in love.
 Yes, actually it would, but let’s see how the lid goes. I’m not strong enough, Leonardrd, you’ll have to do it.
 Go ahead, it’s pre-loosened.
 No, yeah, yeah, he’s got it, and that’s not surprising. This is something I long ago came to peace with in my role as the beta male. Open it.
 Like a gladiator!
 FYI, I was defrosting a steak in there.
 What a beautiful job Stephanie did. I might have gone with a mattress suture instead of a blanket stitch, but you can’t argue with her results. It’s a shame it won’t scar, the war wound is a time-honoured badge of masculinity.
 Just for the record, my efforts to establish you as the alpha male were not aided by you bursting into tears.
 Watery?
 She’s right, as long as you’re vomiting, coitus is contra-indicated.
 You’re welcome, Dr. Hofstadter.
 Well, you seem like a perfectly pleasant person. I just can’t understand why women have such a hard time loving you.
 I had no choice, he cried in front of her.
 Oh, it’s hardly hacking when you use the same password for everything, Kal-el.
 In which I am not an expert.
 If I am permitted to speak again, Dr. Sheldon Cooper for the win.
 Well, you’re the doctor, but I am constantly hearing this annoying sound.
 Is it a high-frequency whistle?
 Then it must be a tumour.
 Is that possible? I used to get those all the time. Even in church.
 It’s not enough that she mocks me, but that isn’t even the correct procedure for a cootie shot.
 How is it imaginary that I keep hearing an octave above Middle C? Is that imaginary? I don’t think so.
 Leonardrd, there’s one more thing. Under Article One, Section Three of our Roommate Agreement, I’m calling an emergency meeting.
 Leonardrd moves the meeting not occur. Is there a second? None heard, the motion fails. I’d like to begin the meeting by congratulating you on the progress in your relationship with Dr. Stephanie.
 That being said, we have to discuss the implementation of the agreed upon “cohabitation” rider which has been activated now that the two of you are living together.
 I beg to disagree. “A girlfriend shall be deemed quote living with un-quote Leonardrd when she has stayed over for A, ten consecutive nights or B, more than nine nights in three week period or C
 You initialed it. See? L.H., L.H., L.H.
 Hmm, yes, you did. Now, to review the following provisions are hereby activated. In the refrigerator, as opposed to us having two separate shelves and one communal shelf, the three of us now get individual shelves and the door becomes communal. Next, apartment vacuuming shall be increased from two to three times a week to accommodate the increased accumulation of dead skin cells. Third,the bathroom schedule. Now, I’m given to understand women have different needs, so, we’ll have to discuss that.
 At least take this with you. Look, and have Stephanie initial here, here, here, here and here. This states that she does not now nor does she intend to play a percussive or brass instrument. Sure it sounds like a tumor pressing on the auditory nerve.
 It’s not a big deal. We have latex gloves.
 Good morning, Dr. Stephanie. I trust Leonardrd satisfied you sexually last night.
 I heard you ask it over and over. How is it inappropriate for me to ask it once?
 See? She’s not offended. And now you finally have an answer.
 In Leonardrd’s defence, it wasn’t for lack of trying.
 You’re welcome, Leonardrd.
 Really? I have never once been invited to have cereal with Mrs. Vartabedian.
 What could I possibly have done to offend Mrs. Vartabedian?
 Oh, she is. She’s terrific, and she’s proving to be a valuable roommate.
 Like hippies.
 Do I have to pull out the paperwork again?
 Hang on. 130 over 80. A little high. We can attribute that to the stress of sneaking past the security desk.
 My aunt Marion gave them to me for my 12th birthday. She thought if I failed at theoretical physics that I should have a trade to fall back on. And by the way, the blood pressure cuff is called a sphygmomanometer.
 Didn’t they teach you that in medical school?
 I understand. All I need is for you to authorize these tests.
 Oh, and an exploratory laparoscopy. Last time I had hiccups, it felt like my diaphragm was just going through the motions.
 Can I at least have the upper GI? I already drank the barium!
 Wha??
 I knew it! What do I do?
 For how…
 Your argument is lacking in all scientific merit. It is well established Superman cleans his uniform by flying into Earth’s yellow sun, which incinerates any contaminate matter and leaves the invulnerable Kryptonian fabric unharmed and daisy fresh.
 Like what?
 I think we can safely assume that all Kryptonian condiments were destroyed when the planet Krypton exploded.
 Superman doesn’t sweat on Earth.
 Superman would have taken his uniform to a Kandorian dry cleaner before he left the Bottle.
 So what? His observation of high-energy positrons has provided the first conclusive evidence for the existence of galactic dark matter.
 It is a big whoop. It made almost all the work you’ve done since you’ve been here completely useless.
 There are no do-overs in Wii bowling.
 Where were you that’s more important than Wii bowling night?
 It’s a rhetorical question. There is nothing more important than Wii bowling night.
 Nice motivational speech from the team captain.
 Nice motivational speech from our lead guitarist.
 No, because we don’t celebrate the ancient pagan festival of Saturnalia.
 In the pre-Christian era, as the winter solstice approached and the plants died, pagans brought evergreen boughs into their homes as an act of sympathetic magic, intended to guard the life essences of the plants until spring. This custom was later appropriated by Northern Europeans and eventually it becomes the so-called Christmas tree.
 Wait! You bought me a present?
 Why would you do such a thing?
 Oh, Penny. I know you think you’re being generous, but the foundation of gift-giving is reciprocity. You haven’t given me a gift, you’ve given me an obligation.
 Of course I do. The essence of the custom is that I now have to go out and purchase for you a gift of commensurate value and representing the same perceived level of friendship as that represented by the gift you’ve given me. It’s no wonder suicide rates skyrocket this time of year.
 No, it’s too late. I see it. That elf sticker says to Sheldon. The die has been cast, the moving finger has writ, Hannibal has crossed the Alps.
 No. No, I brought this on myself by being such an endearing and important part of your life. I’m going to need a ride to the mall.
 Yes? Did you forget your key?
 I don’t see anything in here a woman would want.
 I told you before, bears are terrifying.
 That presupposes Penny is tense.
 No, we’re not. Let’s say for a moment that I accept the bath item gift hypothesis, I now lay the following conundrum at your feet, which size?
 You put no thought into that.
 I have insufficient data to proceed. Excuse me, miss?
 If I were to give you this gift basket, based on that action alone and no other data, infer and describe the hypothetical relationship that exists between us.
 Here. Now, are we friends? Colleagues? Lovers? Are you my grandmother?
 Mmm, great news, Leonardrd, I’ve solved my Penny gift dilemma.
 You see, the danger was that I might under or over-reciprocate, but I have devised a foolproof plan. See, I will open her gift to me first and then excuse myself, feigning digestive distress. Then I’ll look up the price of her gift online, choose the basket closest to that value, give it to her and then I’ll return the others for a full refund.
 It is, isn’t it? Is it okay if I hide them in your room? The smell makes me nauseated.
 Thank you, that’s very gracious.     Gentlemen.
 Ah, good, Penny, you’re here to exchange gifts. You’ll be pleased to know I’m prepared for whatever you have to offer.
 I should note I’m having some digestive distress, so, if I excuse myself abruptly, don’t be alarmed. Oh, a napkin.
 To Sheldon, live long and prosper. Leonardrd Nimoy.
 I possess the DNA of Leonardrd Nimoy?!
 Do you realize what this means? All I need is a healthy ovum and I can grow my own Leonardrd Nimoy!
 Be right back.
 I know! It’s not enough, is it? Here.
 MONTE.
 Is it wrong to say I love our killer robot?
 Did it when I was four. It’s an icosahedral dye floating in tinted blue water.
 What did the toaster oven ever do to you?
 Yeah, this is an auspicious moment. Yeah, like Robert Oppenheimer or Neil Armstrong, we need the appropriate words to mark this historic scientific event.
 If it wanted to kill you, you’d be dead.
 I’m sorry, are you unaware of the upcoming Southern California Robot Fighting League Round Robin Invitational?
 Yeah, excuse me, Penny, but in this room, you’re the one who’s peculiar.
 His name is Monte.
 Leonardrd, I believe it is. This is trash talk, and trash talk is a traditional component in all sporting events. Kripke, your robot is inferior and it will be defeated by ours because ours exceeds yours in both design and execution. Also, I’m given to understand that your mother is overweight.
 Now, of course, if that is the result of a glandular condition and not sloth and gluttony, I withdraw that comment.
 There are boundaries.
 What do you mean?
 We accept your challenge. Name a time and place.
 Make it so.
 We don’t have that option, we’ve accepted the challenge. We can’t run away from a fight.
 Impressive as that may be, Monte is not us. Monte has no fear.
 You are overlooking the fact that we now know what we’re up against and we can modify Monte so that he’s prepared.
 Have faith, gentlemen. We don’t need Wolowitz, engineering is merely the slow younger brother of physics. Watch and learn. Do either of you know how to open the toolbox?
 No, Leonardrd. For years, merciless thugs like Kripke have made my life a series of painful noogies and humiliating wedgies and the insensitively named Indian burns. That stops now.
 What you fail to realize is Kripke suffers from a fatal flaw, overconfidence from his robot’s massive size and its overwhelming power.
 Trust me, Kripke will fall easy prey to my psychological warfare. Observe. Kripke! I would ask if your robot is prepared to meet its maker, but as you are its maker, clearly the two of you have met.
 He’s right, Leonardrd. The paradigm is to the death.
 Never. I’d rather see Monte dead than in your hands.
 Do it.
 Indeed. We are prepared for anything he can throw at us. That’s new.
 Don’t hurt us, don’t hurt us,
 I did this. Monte was killed by my hubris and my pride. No matter what anybody says, this is my fault.
 So what do you think, Howard? It’s not that bad, right?
 You’re right. Monte’s gone. We’ll bury him in the morning. A simple ceremony. I’ll speak. Leonardrd, you’ll play your cello.
 Just a toy robot?
 First off, that is axiomatically wrong, because the best pudding is chocolate. Secondly, the organic structure of tapioca makes it a jiggling bowl of potential death. It is extracted from the plant…
 It is extracted from the plant…
 Tapioca is extracted from the root of the plant Manihot Esculenta. Due to a high concentration of cyanide it is poisonous in its raw form and lethal if prepared improperly.
 It is also indigenous to Brazil, as is the Cocoa Bean, from which we get chocolate, the best pudding. And you promised you wouldn’t do that anymore!
 Hey it’s true, Kripke lacks the basic social skills that we take for granted, but he also controls the new open science grid computer that I need to use to run some simulations of structure formation in the early universe.
 Well then, the solution is simple. I shall befriend him. Kripke!
 What’d you say of the idea of you and I becoming friends?
 Really? That seems rather short sighted, coming from someone who is generally considered altogether unlikable. Why don’t you take some time to reconsider?
 Well I think we’re off to a terrific start.
 Hello. This is Sheldon Cooper. I’m leaving a message for Barry Kripke. Barry, It was pleasant seeing you today in the cafeteria. I saw that you purchased the chef’s salad. Apparently, you did not know that the chef’s salad is kitchen trickery, to utilize scrap meat. Nevertheless, I hope you enjoyed it. I’m following up on our pending friendship, and I look forward to hearing from you regarding its status. Sheldon Cooper.
 First warning.
 Penny, Penny, Penny.This is for you.
 Hi.
 It’s a questionnaire I devised. I’m having some difficulty bonding with a colleague at work, so I’m doing a little research to better understand why my current friends like me.
 Yeah, I agree, the social sciences are largely hokum. But, short of putting electrodes in your brain and monitoring your response to my companionship, this is the best I can do.
 I know, I may have started off with a fairly obvious one. You did an aspect of my most appealing trait, playfulness. Why don’t you just go ahead and write that number 1. I’m afraid you’re on your own for the rest. It should take you no more than 3 hours.
 Only 211. Don’t worry, in deference to you, I’ve kept them on a high school graduate reading level.
 You got it, buddy.
 Well that’s certainly a thought-provoking hypothesis. May I suggest it as the topic for your essay.
 Your questionnaire, very disappointing.
 You answered the multiple choice questions in a pattern. A B B A C. A B B A C.
 How could I not?
 There are a number of acceptable answers, for example, C
 Yes, well it’s better than what Wolowitz did. He drew a raccoon with what appears to be, a distended scrotum.
 What hope do I have for establishing new relationships given that my current friends apparently cannot take a few hours out of their lives to help me?
 I don’t see how you could.
 What do you mean!?
 I did learn how to swim.
 The skills are transferrable. I just have no interest in going in the water.
 The ice caps are melting Leonardrd. In the future, swimming isn’t going to be optional. But you do bring up an interesting point. I don’t have to break new ground here, I’m sure much of the research already exists.
 That’s insane on the face of it. Come on.
 You’re driving me to the mall. I’m going to acquire a book that summarizes the current theories in the field of friendmaking.
 Coping with the death of a loved one. My condolences.
 Family or friend?
 Too bad. If it’d been a friend, I’m available to fill the void. It’s just as well, she smelled like moth balls.
 Excuse me. Do you have any books about making friends?
 I assume the skills can be extrapolated and transferred.
 Oh! I love trains!
 Oh my! That’s awfully sticky. Alright, let’s see. Bernie Bunny has Two Daddies Now. It’s probably about homosexual rabbits. Jerry the Gerbil and the Bullies on the Bus. Read it, not helpful. Oh! Here we go. Stu the Cockatoo is New at the Zoo. Author Sarah Carpenter lives in Fort Wayne, Indiana, with her husband and best friend Mark, and their cockatoos too. Hardly makes her an expert in making friends, wouldn’t you agree?
 Me too! Most people don’t see it. What are you reading?
 Oh I do like monkeys!
 Somewhat anthropomorphized but yes. Say, maybe sometime you and I can go see monkeys together. Would you like that?
 I’m making friends with this little girl. What’s your name?
 Hi Rebecca, I’m your new friend, Sheldon.
 We were really hitting it off.
 Oh good! You’re just in time. I believe I’ve isolated the algorithm for making friends.
 See, my initial approach to Kripke, had the same deficiencies as those that plagued Stu the Cockatoo, when he was new at the zoo.
 It’s a terrific book. I’ve distilled its essence into a simple flowchart that would guide me through the process.
 Hello, Kripke. Yes, Sheldon Cooper here. It occurred to me you hadn’t returned any of my calls because I hadn’t offered any concrete suggestions for pursuing our friendship. Perhaps the two of us might share a meal together… I see. Well then perhaps you’d have time for a hot beverage. Popular choices include tea, coffee, cocoa… I see. No, no, no, wait. Don’t hang up yet. What about a recreational activity? I bet we share some common interests. Tell me an interest of yours. Really? On actual horses? Tell me another interest of yours. Oh no, I’m sorry, I have no desire to get in the water until I absolutely have to. Tell me another interest of yours.
 Mmhmm. Mmhmm. It’s interesting. But isn’t ventriloquism, by definition, a solo activity? Yeah? Tell me another interest of yours. Hmmm. Is there any chance you like monkeys? What is wrong with you? Everybody likes monkeys. Hang on, Kripke. A loop counter? And an escape to the least objectionable activity! Howard, that’s brilliant! I’m surprised you saw that.
 Alright Kripke, that last interest strikes me as the least objectionable and I would like to propose that we do that together. Tomorrow. Yes, I’ll pay. Alright, goodbye. Alright! Time to learn rock climbing.
 You know, I am a fan of ventriloquism. Maybe you, me and your dummy could go get a hot beverage. He could talk while you drink.
 This appears significantly more monolithic than it did on my laptop. No, one expects to see Hominids learning to use bones as weapeons.
 Hardly. Fear of heights is illogical. Fear of falling, on the other hand, is prudent and evolutionary. What would you say is the minimum altitude I need to achieve to cement our new-found friendship?
 Little kid Hominids, perhaps. Is this your entire job? Your parents must be so proud.
 Coming, Kripke. Okay. Harness seems to be secure. Small amount of incontinence just now, but the website said that’s to be expected. Hey, this isn’t so bad. A bit like vertical swimming.
 I am? I was wrong. It IS a fear of heights.
 Not really. I feel somewhat like an inverse tangent function that’s approaching an asymptote.
 What part of an inverse tangent function approaching an asymptote did you not understand?
 Yeah, I don’t think I can.
 No, that doesn’t seem any more likely.
 Well, it’s not exactly a plan but I think I’m going to pass out.
 Hello, everyone. I brought my new friend, Barry Kripke, home for dinner.
 D-d-d! That’s where I sit.
 Oh yes, I pass out all the time. But, it was worth it. I’ve made substantial progress in bonding with Kripke, which brings me to an awkward moment.
 Maintaining five friendships promises to be a Herculean task. So, I’m going to have to let one of you go.
 Leonardrd, you are my roommate, my source of transportation and you help me fold my sheets when they come out of the dryer. You are safe.
 Don’t be silly. Howard, you do not have a PhD, your cologne is an assault on the senses and you’re not available for video games during the Jewish high holidays.
 No. You, too, are safe.
 Penny, Penny, Penny. Everything you’re saying is true, but please allow me to continue. Raj, you’re out. The good question, while you do provide a certain cultural diversity to an otherwise homogenous group, your responses to the questionnaire were truly disturbing. How could you, for a moment, think that my favourite amino acid is Glutamine?
 Yeah. Shoulda, woulda coulda, Raj.
 So uh, Kripke, I was wondering if there’s any chance you could get me some time on the open science grid computer.
 No? But we’re friends!
 I’m confused. I was given an understanding that you allow your friends time on the machine?
 Oh. This entire endeavour seems to have been an exercise in futility. Raj, you’re back in. He likes monkeys.
 The problem appears to be unsolvable.
 Right, these theatres have to be eliminated.
 Yes, but they have no Icee machines. Despite my aggressive letter-writing campaign, I might add.
 They have Twizzlers instead of Red Vines. No amount of lumbar support can compensate for that.
 Unacceptable, the delay would result in tomorrow morning’s bowel movement occurring at work.
 Excuse me, in what universe are Slurpies Icees?
 Oh, Leonardrd, you know I can’t do that.
 They’re right, it was the only option.
 Why?
 Well, you didn’t specify.
 He went to the movies without me. It was the only option. I’m sorry, I don’t understand which social situation this is. Could you give me some guidance as to how to proceed?
 Oh, I see. Penny, I’m not sure I’m comfortable harbouring a fugitive from the 2311 North Los Robles Corporation.
 If you recall, I pointed out the “check engine” light to you several months ago.
 You know, it occurs to me you could solve all your problems by obtaining more money.
 Hang on a moment. Here. Take some. Pay me back when you can.
 That’s why it’s guarded by snakes. Take some.
 I’m never silly. Here.
 Don’t you need money?
 This is money I’m not using.
 My expenses account for 46.9% of my after-tax income. The rest is divvied up between a small savings account, this deceptive container of peanut brittle and the hollowed-out buttocks of a superhero action figure who shall remain nameless for his own protection. Or her own protection. Take some.
 I see no large upcoming expenditures unless they develop an affordable technology to fuse my skeleton with adamantium like Wolverine.
 I sincerely hope so.
 Won’t it also be weird if I have to say hello to you every morning on my way to work and you’re living in a refrigerator box and washing your hair with rain water?
 Of course you will. It’s impossible to pay me back sooner than you can. Assuming you subscribe to a linear understanding of time and causality.
 You know, I’ve given the matter some thought, and I think I’d be willing to be a house pet to a race of super-intelligent aliens.
 Ask me why.
 Of course. That’s how you move a conversation forward.
 The learning opportunities would be abundant. Additionally, I like having my belly scratched.
 Was that sarcasm?
 Was that sarcasm?
 Was that sarca..
 Penny, you appear to have a package here.
 Did you know the beret is an example of piece of women’s fashion adapted from male military uniforms? Another fascinating example is the epaulet.
 All right.
 Oh, good, that was an unusual interaction. I wasn’t sure.
 No.
 I’m at a loss. If you like, you can review my daily log of social interactions and see if there’s a blunder I overlooked.
 Oh, good. Dinner’s here.
 Okay.
 Forgive me, Penny, but that would be the very definition of a frivolous lawsuit.
 In case either of you have larceny in your heart, you should know that I’ve moved my money out of the snake can.
 Outside? I just made cocoa.
 Leonardrd, do you not recall the last time we visited this gentleman, we returned home without pants?
 Are you sure? Because your proposal suggests that you don’t.
 All right. Leonardrd fairly calls the question, who is in favour of abandoning our game and confronting Penny’s steroid-infused ex-boyfriend in a suicidal mission to extract money from him? Say hi to Kurt for us.
 They did.
 They had a terrible time of it, Leonardrd.
 Which means his triumph will be even larger. Minstrels will write songs about him.
 You don’t remember me? How could he not remember me?
 I remember him.
 I’ve got it. He didn’t remember me because the last time we met I was in a Halloween costume.
 Congratulations. You may not have succeeded in getting cash, but you did secure a formal acknowledgment of the debt.
 Hello, Penny.
 Sarcasm?
 Darn. I can’t seem to get the hang of that.
 Well done, Leonardrd. The true hero doesn’t seek adulation, he fights for right and justice simply because it’s his nature.
 That’s your badge of honour, your warrior’s wound, if you will. I was wrong, minstrels will write songs about you.
 There once was a brave lad named Leonardrd, with a fi-fi-fiddle-dee-dee. He faced a fearsome giant, while Raj just wanted to pee.
 This should be fairly easy to deduce. He’s holding the phone to his left ear. Ears do not cross hemispheres, so he’s using the analytical rather than the emotional side of the brain, suggesting that he has no personal relationship with the caller.
 He’s referring to an activity he has done before. It’s unpleasant and needs to be repeated. This suggests some sort of invasive medical test, like perhaps a colonoscopy.
 Yes, yes. Yeah, I’m definitely going with colonoscopy.
 I have the same problem with him. My theory is that his lack of focus stems from an over-developed sex drive.
 That seems a fairly efficient arrangement.
 Of course. I would very much like to read about your sex life.
 The frequency with which your parents had intercourse.
 Aw…
 What a remarkable woman.
 I envy you your childhood.
 You’re clearly misremembering. Your mother is brilliant, analytical, insightful, and I’m betting she never hit you with a Bible because you wouldn’t eat your Brussels sprouts.
 You were lucky. When I was a kid, if I wanted an EEG, I had to attach my own electrodes.
 Leonardrd, I had no idea your siblings were so much more successful than you.
 It’s totally understandable. In bladder voiding, as in real estate, it’s location, location, location.
 Her reasoning is unassailable. It is one o’clock.
 You went to the comic book store without me.7
 I know. Although I’ve always hated how my right frontal lobe looks in pictures.
 I’d love to see a scan of your brain sometime.
 Oh, I can’t believe that.
 My apologies. I’ve been living with your son too long. Gotten into some bad habits.
 Can I make you a cup of tea?
 I feel very comfortable around you.
 It’s surprising because I generally don’t feel comfortable around, well, anyone.
 What are the odds that two individuals as unique as ourselves would be connected by someone as comparatively workaday as your son?
 I’d like to do the math.
 So, what do you think?
 Normally, I’d feel the same way. But based on everything I’ve observed about us, I can’t help but speculate we’d be very good together.
 I was hesitant the first time I tried it, but I experienced an unanticipated and remarkable release of endorphins. It’s quite satisfying.
 You see right through me, don’t you?
 The Pharmacology Department controls that, and they’re all hopped up on experimental steroids.
 I think the time has come to acknowledge that we are paying the price for some of us failing to attend my Physics Department paintball strategy meeting.
 And I told you I wanted to see a doctor’s note.
 All right, what we need now is a tactical retreat. Did you see the episode of Stargate where they found themselves on a planet with a culture based loosely on Earth’s Athens and Sparta? Not important. Leonardrd, Raj and I are going to burst out the door and run away, Howard will cover us.
 Because you chose your mother’s veins over victory. On three. One, two, three, go!
 Unacceptable. It baffles me why they don’t simply let some of you go so that there’s money available for my research.
 Based on your academic record, any number of things, I would imagine.
 I believe the back-scratching metaphor generally describes a quid pro quo situation where one party provides goods or services to the second party in compensation for a similar action.
 The mrow, that sounded to me like an African civet cat.
 No. Despite what the name suggests, the civet cat is not a true cat. Now I’m done.
 Is that why you didn’t cover our escape and let us get cut down like animals?
 My good man, dereliction of duty in the face of the enemy is a court-martial offense.
 Hello, Penny.
 You’re in my spot.
 No, I’m going to the comic book store.
 What difference does it make?
 That is my spot. In an ever-changing world, it is a single point of consistency. If my life were expressed as a function on a four-dimensional Cartesian coordinate system, that spot at the moment I first sat on it would be zero-zero-zero-zero.
 I’m not unhappy.
 Fine. The new issue of Flash is out.
 Koothrappali picked me up.
 They don’t talk incessantly for no particular reason.
 Hello, fastest man alive. Want to see me read your entire comic book? Want to see it again? Something’s wrong.
 I’m not sure. It doesn’t feel right.
 Why don’t I just eat in my desk chair?
 That is my desk chair, that is where I work. I don’t eat in my desk chair and I don’t work in my spot. I work in my desk chair and eat in my spot.
 Excuse me, but the problem is not solved. If your head had been accidentally amputated, and we transplanted a dog’s head in its place, would that be “problem solved”?
 You claim it’s going to be a week, but I have no faith in your dry cleaner.
 Did you notice the sign on his counter? He’s not a full-time dry cleaner. He also makes keys.
 Focus is important. Was Michael DeBakey a wedding planner in between heart transplants? Did Alexander Fleming moonlight as a hairdresser? “Thanks for discovering penicillin, now how about we try a bouffant?”
 This is my spot. Where else am I supposed to crouch?
 From that key maker, I highly doubt it.
 All right.
 There’s one more zero. You forgot the time parameter.
 Nope.
 More?
 Yes. From Szechuan Palace.
 What? Wh-Where did my cashew chicken come from?
 No. No, this isn’t right. Our food always comes in Szechuan Palace containers.
 But. Oh, this changes everything.
 What’s real? What isn’t? How can I know?
 Leonardrd?
 I still don’t like this cushion.
 Right, just one thing before we start.
 That was for my cushion.
 I’m sorry, Leonardrd. But revenge is a dish best served cold.
 She can’t shoot me. She’s dead.
 Well, if we’re going to descend into anarchy
 Stop. We can’t do this, it’s not right.
 But once you open the box, you’ve voided the warranty. The warranty is a sacred covenant we’ve entered into with the manufacturer. He offers to stand by his equipment, and we in return agree not to violate the integrity of the internal hardware. This little orange sticker is all that stands between us and anarchy.
 There. We’re outlaws.
 I understand your envy. This is a can’t-miss symposium. There are going to be discussions on bioorganic cellular computer devices, the advancements in multi-threaded task completion, plus a roundtable on the nonequilibrium Green’s function approach to the photoionization process in atoms.
 George Smoot is a Nobel Prize-winning physicist, one of the great minds of our time. His work in black body form and anisotropy of the cosmic microwave background radiation cemented our understanding of the origin of the universe.
 It’s like talking to a chimp.
 We’re not flying, we’re taking the train.
 Don’t say it like that, Leonardrd, say it like
 Oh, I always enjoy that, but I’m a little busy.
 I’m simplifying the task of packing for our trip. See, by attaching RFID tags to my clothing, it will enable my laptop to read and identify the items with this wand. I will then cross-reference them against destination, anticipated activity spectrum, weather conditions, duration of trip, et cetera.
 Assuming I can keep up this pace, three hours, 11 minutes, and plus however long it takes to conclude this fairly pointless conversation.
 I don’t follow.
 Socks, one pair, cotton, argyle, blue. Socks, one pair, cotton, argyle, blue.
 What on earth are you doing?
 Gentlemen, this is the Coast Starlight, one of the great American trains operating on one of the classic American routes. On this side, you’ll see panoramic ocean vistas inaccessible to any other form of transportation, while on your side, you’ll be treated to 350 miles of CostCos, Jiffy Lubes, and cinderblock homes with above-ground pools.
 No.
 That’s over the wheelbase. Are you completely unfamiliar with the suspension characteristics of a pre-1980 Pullman-built Superliner Deluxe passenger coach?
 Here. I’m hoping once you reap the endorphic rewards of the steady clickety-clack of steel wheels on polished rails, your sour disposition will abate.
 He is referring, of course, to third class on Indian Railways’ magnificent Ranakpur Express and its twelve hundred kilometer journey from Maharashtra to the Bikaner Junction.
 Unlikely. That’s a television show, Leonardrd.
 Of course, if SkyNet actually did exist in the future, a perfect way to infiltrate and destroy mankind would be to send Terminators back posing as actors who have played Terminators in popular films and television series, lulling us into a false sense of security, i.e., that’s Summer Glau from The Sarah Connor Chronicles. No, Summer, don’t kill me! I’m pro-robot! Ahh!
 Whee!
 I’m confused. I thought you were involved in some sort of socially intimate pairing with Leslie Winkle.
 All right.
 Yes.
 Interesting that you ask. The Coast Starlight recently added the refurbished Pacific Parlour Car. Built in 1956 and originally known as the Santa Fe Lounge Car, the lower level is a theatre…
 and the upper level is a bar that offers wine tastings if you’re going as far as Portland.
 Oh, no.
 I forgot my flash drive.
 So we have to go back.
 You don’t understand. My flash drive has my paper on astrophysical probes of M-theory effects in the early universe that I was going to give to George Smoot at the conference.
 It’s brilliant. He needs to read it.
 Then I won’t get to see his face light up as he reads it.
 Oh, this is an unmitigated disaster.
 You forgot your flash drive, You forgot your flash drive.
 Okay, I’ve found the perfect solution. We get off the train at the next stop in Oxnard. We then take the 1
 Are you going to be sarcastic?
 But the flash drive is in a locked drawer in my desk.
 The key is hidden in my room.
 Penny would have to go into my room.
 People don’t go in my room!
 Oh, I hate when that happens.
 Listen carefully. I’m about to give you a set of instructions, which you must follow to the letter.
 Okay, step four. Do you see that small plastic case on my dresser?
 It’s Sheldon.
 I’m not in San Francisco. I’m on a train. Were you even listening to me?
 What’s up? I’ll tell you what’s up. I’m in a crisis situation, and I need you to marshal your powers of concentration, limited as they may be…
 Okay. Enough chitchat. Okay, step one, locate your emergency key to our apartment. Step two, enter our apartment. Step three, enter my bedroom.
 No! Leonardrd, let me tell you something. Personal robots cannot get here soon enough.
 All right, now, before you enter my bedroom unescorted, I need you to understand that this onetime grant of access does not create a permanent easement. Easement. It’s a legal right of access. Good grief. What? No, don’t put me on hold. Oh!
 Yes, I’m still here. Where am I going? I’m on a train. Now, what you’ll be looking for is a small wooden box located between a Hoberman’s sphere and a sample of quartz flecked with pyrite. Hoberman’s Sphere. It’s a collapsible icosidodecahedron. No, the thing with the time on it is my alarm clock.
 That’s the wrong box. Put it back.
 Don’t read those letters!
 Put down the letters!
 I’m back.
 Nobody calls me Moon Pie but Meemaw!
 You’re holding a Japanese puzzle box, which takes ten precise moves to open. First, locate the panel with the diamond pattern and slide the centre portion one millimetre to the left. Then, on the opposite end of the box, slide the entire panel down two millimetres. You’ll hear a slight click.
 No, it’s a novelty I ordered off the Internet. Now, did you hear the click?
 Okay, now you’re going to insert the flash drive into the USB port. She calls me Moon Pie because I’m nummy-nummy and she could just eat me up, now, please put the flash drive in the USB port. The one that looks like a little duck’s mouth.
 So, I’m thinking, you won the Nobel Prize what, three years ago? So you must deal with a whole lot of what has Smoot done lately? My thought is we continue my research as a team, you know, Cooper-Smoot, alphabetical, and when we win the Nobel Prize, you’ll be back on top.
 Fine! Smoot-Cooper. Wow, what a diva.
 Despite my deep love of chess, lasers and aerosol disinfectant, I must forfeit.
 – Because it’s almost eleven o’clock.
 So, Penny has a don’t knock on my door before eleven o’clock  or I punch you in the throat rule.
Penny, Penny, Penny.
 It’s eleven am.
 This package came while you were at work.
 Excuse me.
 You have to sign this.
 When I signed for the package, I was deputized by the United Parcel Service and entrusted with its final delivery. I now need you to acknowledge receipt of the package so that I’m fully indemnified and no longer liable.
 Well, the contents are irrelevant. A legal bailment has been created. Does that mean nothing to you?
 Bailment describes a relationship in common law where a physical possession of personal property, or chattels, is transferred from one person, the bailor, to another person, the bailee.
 Obviously, not a cleaning business.
 Good for you. Sign here.
 But then who will bring me my cheeseburger on Tuesday nights?
 What’s her name?
 And you’re going to let her handle my food?
 I think you’re just making that up.
 Maybe I’d be better off with Nancy.
 How many of these can you make a day?
 And how much profit do you make per Penny Blossom?
 No, Of course you’re not. All right, ten dollars a day times five days a week times 52 weeks a year is two thousand six hundred dollars.
 Before taxes.
 I believe the Internal Revenue Service would strongly disagree. But, if you took advantage of modern marketing techniques, and you optimized your manufacturing process, you might be able to make this a viable business.
 Penny, I’m a physicist. I have a working knowledge of the entire universe and everything it contains.
 I have a working knowledge of the important things in the universe. Good luck.
 Of course I could.
 Just to be clear here, you’re asking for my assistance.
 And you understand that will involve me telling you what to do?
 And you’re not allowed to be sarcastic or snide to me while I’m doing so.
 Good. Let’s begin with the premise that everything you’ve done up to this point is wrong.
 Sarcasm. Good-bye.
 All right. 12 minutes and 17 seconds.
 That’s 4.9 Penny Blossoms per hour. Based on your cost of materials and your wholesale selling price, you’ll effectively be paying yourself… $5.19 a day.
 There are children in a sneaker factory in Indonesia who outearn you.
 You’re questioning my math?
 Want me to show my work?
 All right, are you familiar with the development that resulted from Honoré Blanc’s 1778 use of interchangeable parts? The assembly line, of course.
 That wasn’t a part of our original agreement, and I do not agree to it now.
 You’re thinking of the moving assembly line, an understandable but not excusable mistake. No. The moving assembly line, that was introduced by Henry Ford in 1908. That innovation is what made possible our modern consumer culture by enabling a low-unit cost for manufactured goods. I guess that isn’t one of the topics discussed on your Radiohead.
 Hello.
 I assume you’re referring to the sea shanty. It’s a rhythmic work song designed to increase productivity.
 Penny’s making hair accessories. I’m helping her optimize her manufacturing process. All right, break’s over.
 Hot glue.
 It won’t work, the flower’s too porous.
 Intriguing.
 Hush, hush, hush, hush, hush, virtually non-existent. I’m thinking that we set her up with a hosted turnkey e-commerce system to start.
 Of course, but before we set up a marketing and distribution infrastructure, we should finish optimizing the manufacturing process. To start with, she has a terrible problem with moisture-induced glitter clump.
 Let’s think out of the box for a moment. How about a molecular sieve?
 Wow.
 Oh, great. Raj, why don’t you and Howard go get the charcoal? Leonardrd, why don’t you start working on some preliminary Web site designs. I’ll make some space in our apartment so we can move the manufacturing process.
 It’s not my apartment.
 – What’s wrong with it?
 Penny, this is your enterprise, so it’s ultimately your decision, but based on the quality of his work, I’d strongly recommend that we let Leonardrd go.
 What I want is irrelevant. This is Penny’s decision. Penny?
 Camouflaging bald spots. That’s primarily a male concern. Perhaps we could expand our market.
 Brilliant. Men love Bluetooth.
 Penny, everything is better with Bluetooth.
 Oh, another market to expand into, balding gay men.
 We should get to work.
 Excuse me, but was this not your goal? Financial independence through entrepreneurial brilliance and innovation? My brilliance and innovation, of course, but still.
 Okay, that, right there, that equivocation and self-doubt, that is not the American spirit. Did Davy Crockett quit at the Alamo? Did Jim Bowie?
 Alright, let me put it this way. Your gross receipts on this one order will be over $3,000 for one night’s work.
 I believe I’m hearing some negativity on the factory floor.
 Penny, the labour force is a living organism that must be carefully nurtured. Any counterproductive grumbling must be skilfully headed off by management. Observe. Hey! Less talk, more work!
 Thank you. You hear any union talk, you let me know.
 ‘Cause I sold my soul to the company store.
 No, I don’t drink coffee.
 I’m sorry, coffee’s out of the question. When I moved to California, I promised my mother that I wouldn’t start doing drugs.
 I have complete faith that you will make them. Good night.
 You’re right, of course.
 Very well, but if this leads to opiates or hallucinogenics, you’re going to have to answer to my mother.
 Look at Planck’s Constant. People say it’s arbitrary. It could not be less arbitrary. If it varied even slightly, life as we know it would not exist. Bam! Now, now, let’s reconsider the entire argument, but with entropy reversed and effect preceding cause, so you are thinking of a universe that’s not expanding from the centre, no, it is retreating from a, from a possibility space. Bam! This is a space where we are all essentially Alice through the looking glass, standing in front the Red Queen, and we’re being offered a cracker to quench our thirst. Bam! Of course, in another universe, let’s call it universe prime, there’s another Sheldon, let’s call him Sheldon prime…
 Zoom, zoom, zoom! Where’s the coffee?
 No problem. I’ll be back before this banana hits the ground. Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom! Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom!
 Penny, please, we’re facing a far more serious problem than stray arachnids.
 Not bad? It’s horrible. I mean, you hear stories about this sort of thing, but you never think it’ll happen to you.
 What?
 The horror!
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no…
 The horror!
 No, it’s not going to be fine, change is never fine. They say it is, but it’s not.
 I never met them. That’s what made them perfect, there were no awkward hellos in the halls, there was no clickety-clacking of high heel shoes on hardwood floors, they may as well have been a family of cats just jumping around from drape to drape without that annoying ammonia urine smell.
 You can’t know that. How can you possibly know that?
 Hold on. You honestly expect me to believe that social protocol dictates we break our backs helping Wolowitz move, and then he only need buy us a pizza?
 You’re tricking me. You tell me the truth, what do we get?
 I knew it! PS3, definitely  PS3, who would pick a mountain bike?
 I guess I won’t be needing this.
 Oh, no, the new ones, they’re here.
 I’m checking for musical instruments. Does that sound like castanets to you?
 So? Do cocaine smugglers write cocaine on the box?
 Hello.
 Hello.
 If that concludes your faltering attempt to mate, hello.
 Hello. On a scale of one to ten how light of foot would you describe yourself with one being not cat-like at all and ten being freakishly feline?
 Is that your answer or do you not understand the question? We’ll come back to that one.
 Hang on. Are you now or have you ever been a salsa, Irish folk or break-dancer?
 Oh, I’m sorry. Well, if it helps you feel any better you’re doing very well so far. Next question, are you fertile?
 I’m trying to determine whether crying infants above my head are a possibility.
 If that changes, let me know. And finally, area rugs, pro or con?
 Alicia?
 Welcome to the building.
 Alicia’s non-musical, childless and pro-rug. She’s still on probation, of course, but I like her.
 You don’t jog.
 True, but the more likely explanation for your attire is that you’re out of clean clothes again.
 You’re welcome, Penny.
 Oh, mimicry. I enjoy mimicry. I’ve been working on Admiral Ackbar from Return of the Jedi. “It’s a trap.” You have to imagine me with a giant squid head. “It’s a trap. It’s a trap. It’s a trap.”
 Come.
 Congratulations, I see you did your laundry.
 How does one sort of…
 He’s upstairs at Alicia’s.
 In what I can only perceive as a tactical move to destroy me, he is with Wolowitz and Koothrappali setting up her stereo.
 It’s axiomatically atypical. Up until recently, they did not know Alicia, and had no encounters with her in a previous location. They never went upstairs to visit the former tenants, so your characterization of their behaviour as typical Is demonstrably fallacious.
 Oh, great! now, I have to start all over again.
 Who is it? Oh hello, Penny, it’s open, come in. Sarcasm.
 You think I can’t hear them? Listen to that. Stomp, stomp, stomp. That’s Wolowitz in his stacked heels that fool no one.
 You know, Penny, there’s something that occurs in beehives you might find interesting. Occasionally, a new queen will arrive while the old queen is still in power. When this happens, the old queen must either locate to a new hive or engage in a battle to the death until only one queen remains.
 I’m just talking about bees. They’re on the discovery channel. What are you talking about?
 Did you remember to ask for the chicken with broccoli to be diced, not shredded?
 Even though the menu description specifies shredded?
 Brown rice, not white?
 You stop at the Korean grocery and get the good hot mustard?
 Did you pick up the low-sodium soy sauce from the market?
 Good. See how it’s done, Leonardrd?
 They’re gone, Penny. They can’t hear you.
 You once had Leonardrd and me get your television from your ex-boyfriend.
 May I interject something here?
 You got the wrong mustard.
 Only the modern green lantern is vulnerable to yellow.
 You set it on DTS, didn’t you?
 Oh, great now she’s jumping up and down on the bed.
 Hu-u-u-uh…. Hu-u-u-uh!
 This is Thai food.
 We don’t have Thai food on Thursday. We have pizza on Thursday.
 Well apparently the news didn’t reach my digestive system, which, when startled, has its own version of Anything Can Happen Thursday.
 Rut? I think you mean consistency. And if we’re going to abandon that, then why even call it Thursday? Let’s call it Quonko Day and divide it into 29 hours of 17 minutes apiece, and celebrate it by sacrificing a goat to the mighty god Ra.
 All right. Let’s go to the comic book store.
 Last night was Wednesday. Wednesday is comic book night. Tonight, we’ll be going on Thursday, because it’s Anything Can Happen Thursday.
 The one that estimates the odds of making contact with extraterrestrials by calculating the product of an increasingly restrictive series of fractional values such as those stars with planets, and those planets likely to develop life? N equals R times FP times NE times FL times FI times FC times L?
 Fascinating.
 To the comic book store. You’re probably thinking, the comic book store? On a Thursday? Why, I’ve fallen down the rabbit hole and into a land of madness. What you have failed to take into account, Penny, is that this is Anything Can Happen Thursday.
 I think you mean comic books. Comics are feeble attempts at humour featuring talking babies and anthropomorphized pets found traditionally in the optimistically named funny pages.
 Just pick out anything? Maybe at the same time we can pick out a new suit for him without knowing his size, or pick out his career for him without knowing his aptitude, or pick out a new breakfast cereal without knowing his fibre requirements or his feelings about little marshmallows.
 Amazing Spider-Man, Ultimate Spider-Man, Spectacular Spider-Man, The Marvelous Adventures of Spider-Man, Spider-Man 2099?
 Oh, I forgot Sensational Spider-Man.
 A superb choice.
 Yeah, provided he has already read Infinite Crisis and 52, and is familiar with the re-establishment of the DC multiverse.
 Get her out of here.
 Why should I let it go? I saw it first.
 A far less impressive feat.
 I need it for my Robin collection.
 Why would I gamble? It’s mine. Let go.
 No, you!
 Yes, he won’t let go of my comic book.
 Leonardrd, we need a ruling.
 Once again, defeated by your own prurient interests.
 So, Leonardrd, how are you enjoying Anything Can Happen Thursday?
 Look at that, that’s a dent. Thank you, Howard Ham-Fisted Wolowitz. Did you just shut the TV off in the middle of the classic Deep Space Nine/Star Trek The Original Series Trouble With Tribbles crossover episode?
 Are you ill?
 All right. Then is it fair to say that you’re experiencing some sort of emotional turmoil over the events involving Penny earlier this evening?
 A moment ago, when you turned off the TV in the middle of }during the classic Deep Space Nine/Star Trek The Original Series Trouble With Tribbles crossover episode. Would you like some advice?
 Then, this is the perfect time to launch a blog with an interactive comments section.
 Would you rather I offer my personal insight?
 Oh, I disagree. Stuart is taller, artistic, self-employed and, most significantly, he gets 45 percent off comic books.
 My original point.
 Chinese food, vintage video games. After the nightmare of Anything Can Happen Thursday, this is Friday night the way it was meant to be.
 Vintage doesn’t even begin to describe what we have planned. Tonight, we are playing the classic 1980 interactive text adventure, Zork. It’s the buggy beta version.
 Oh, good, Stuart, I thought I heard your voice. Do you have a moment?
 What are you doing?
 Isn’t it a little late for coffee?
 Well, I’ve spent the last three hours in an online debate in the DC Comics Batman chatroom, and I need your help.
 I am asserting, in the event that Batman’s death proves permanent, that original Robin, Dick Grayson, is the logical successor to the Bat Cowl.
 More wrong? Wrong is an absolute state and not subject to gradation.
 Has to be? Has to be? I hope you’re being deliberately provocative.
 Yeah, herbal tea for me, please.
 Of course I am. Removing Joe Chill as the killer of Batman’s parents effectively deprived him of his raison d’être.
 Au contraire.
 I am forgetting nothing and I resent your tone.
 So, I win.
 So, I win.
 Darn tootin’, I win.
 No, no, no, no, don’t wake her. She’ll maul you like a rabid wolverine.
 That’s preposterous. I do not resemble C3PO. Don’t get me wrong, I’m flattered, I just don’t see it.
 What exactly does that expression mean, friends with benefits? Does he provide her with health insurance?
 I’m sorry, I can’t imagine any of that.
 I believe it’s my turn, you may begin your questions whenever you’re ready.
 I don’t like this game.
 I bet he’s someone from Babylon 5, we’re never going to guess.
 I don’t understand. If you were in a non-emotional relationship then why are you having  what appears be an emotional response?
 You know, I’m given to understand that there is an entire city in Nevada designed specifically to help people like Howard forget their problems. Where  you can replace them with new problems such as alcoholism, gambling addiction and sexually transmitted diseases.
 I’d rather have a blowfly lay eggs and hatch larvae in my auditory canal.
 Thank you. Hello, neighbour.
 And how are you doing this fine evening?
 Good. I’m glad.
 I’m just in a good mood. While my compatriots are in Las Vegas, I will be enjoying a blissful evening in my personal Fortress of Solitude.
 Do you know, I’m such a good mood, I’m actually finding your tenuous grasp of the English language folksy and charming today.
 That is the intoxicating aroma of Kadhai Paneer, a perfect culinary representation of the freedom this evening holds. Not only is it Indian cuisine, which Koothrappali loathes, it contains a generous helping of peanuts, which would reduce Wolowitz to a wheezing 97 pound blister. And finally, it’s main ingredient is Paneer, a farmer’s cheese which would cause Leonardrd to render any room uninhabitable within minutes.
 Penny. I realize you are also on your own tonight, so if at some point you find yourself with nothing to do, please do not disturb me.
 Oh, I shall. No!
 We have a bowl. Our keys go in a bowl. You should get a bowl.
 I left them in the bowl.
 Where?
 What’s it doing in my apartment?
 You were in my… why would you… what are you saying?
 You’re the milk thief! Leonardrd said I was crazy but I knew that carton felt lighter.
 Eat? My dinner? In your apartment?
 Sure, why not? And after the sun’s down we can all pile in my pick-up and go skinny-dipping down at the creek. ‘Cause today’s the day to stop making sense.
 So, how was your day?
 No, it’s the accepted convention. How was your day?
 I’m sorry, that’s not going to interest me at all, just eat.
 Okay, that’s question 20, you have to guess.
 How can one person be a whole movie?
 Fine. I was Spock. Are you and Leonardrd friends with benefits.
 Are you and Leonardrd friends with benefits?
 No, Leonardrd said nothing, but who knows what goes on over here when he pretends your mail was misdelivered.
 Hmm, I see.
 I’m curious about the whole social construct. On its face, the idea of satisfying ones sexual appetite, assuming one is afflicted with such, without emotional entanglement, that seems eminently practical. What I’ve observed, however, is Howard Wolowitz crying like a little girl.
 Can you?
 Are you able to have sex with men without developing an emotional attachment?
 Is this conversation making you uncomfortable?
 I really have no idea. I don’t particularly excel at reading facial expressions, body language…
 Thank you, that’s very helpful.
 Are you suggesting I sleep on the couch.
 I can’t sleep on your couch. I sleep in a bed. And given it’s dimensions I have no intention of living out E.M. Snickering’s beloved children’s book , The Tall Man From Cornwall.
 There was a tall man from Cornwall whose length exceeded his bed. My body fits on it, but barely upon it, there’s no room for my big Cornish head.
 May I say one last thing.
 Alright. Goodnight.
 Penny.
 I can’t sleep. how are you going?
 I’m homesick.
 Twenty feet, twenty light years, it doesn’t matter. It’s in a galaxy far, far away.
 Sing soft kitty.
 Homesick is a type of being sick.
 I suppose we can stay up and talk.
 Sleepy kitty.
 No. Start over.
 Penny.
 Thank you for letting me stay here.
 Okay, I’m sleepy now, get out.
 Oh, good, you’re finally home.
 Well, we had dinner, uh, played some games, and then I spent the night. Oh, you’ll be happy to know that I now have a much better understanding of friends with benefits.
 Smell that? That’s the smell of new comic books. Oh, yes!
 I believe it is. The combination of the Star Trek reference and the play on words involving the double-meaning of the verb to go suggests that Leonardrd is humorously mocking your efforts in space plumbing.
 Oh, clever! Playing on the use of cardinal numbers as euphemisms for bodily functions.
 Excuse me, spoiler alert.
 You told me it’s mind-blowing, so, my mind is going into it pre-blown. And once a mind is pre-blown, it cannot be re-blown.
 Said the Grinch to Christmas.
 Excuse me, Stuart. Have you read the new Flash?
 Well, I have and it will knock your socks off! Good luck getting them back on.
 You’re not going to answer it?
 You’re making an assumption. Perhaps the comic book store is on fire, and he needs your assistance.
 We don’t know. And if you don’t answer the phone, we can’t know.
 Answer the phone, Leonardrd.
 Aren’t you going to check your messages?
 You have to check your messages, the leaving of a message is one half of a social contract which is completed by the checking of the message. If that contract breaks down then all social contracts break down and we descend into anarchy.
 At times.
 Do you mean code red the hospital emergency alert, code red the computer worm, or code red the cherry flavoured soft drink from the makers of Mountain Dew?
 But the mission is for six months.
 Have you notified NASA?
 I agree. It’s the juxtaposition of the high-tech nature of space exploration against the banality of a malfunctioning toilet that provides the comic fodder here. Check your messages.
 Yeah, I have to say, I thought the toilet humour would get less funny with repetition. Apparently, there is no law of diminishing comedic returns with space poop. 
 For what it’s worth, my mother says that when we deceive for personal gain, we make Jesus cry.
 All right, what if we use this two-inch PVC to reinforce the centre cross-support?
 You don’t really believe in that superstition, do you?
 It won’t work. The diameter of the tubing is insufficient.
 It won’t work. No way to mount it.
 That could work.
 You’re overestimating the tensile strength of the substructure you’re building.
 If you knew what you were doing, there wouldn’t be a space toilet where my coffee table should be.
 Oh, an excellent idea! I could certainly use a break.
 Why does Leonardrd get to go?
 I must say, Howard, I think a detailed letter to MIT describing your current circumstances might entitle you to a refund on your master’s degree.
 Fascinating.
 I don’t see why I have to worry. My career’s not hanging in the balance. That was a joke. It’s funny, because it’s true.
 Oh, boy.
 I can’t comment without violating our agreement that I don’t criticize your work.
 Great restraint on my part.
 Perhaps you mean a different thing than I do when you say science.
 You actually had it right in the first place. Once again, you’ve fallen for one of my classic pranks. Bazinga! Well, now here’s a peculiar e-mail. The president of the university wants me to meet him at his office tomorrow morning at 8 a.m.
 It doesn’t say. It must be an emergency. Everyone at the university knows I eat breakfast at eight and move my bowels at 8:20
 That’s 14 hours away. For the next 840 minutes, I’m effectively one of Heisenberg’s particles, I know where I am or I know how fast I’m going, but I can’t know both. Yet how am I supposed to carry on with this huge annoying thing hovering over my head?
Leonardrd. Leonardrd. Leonardrd.
 Why is everybody keep telling me what time it is?
 You, the president of the university, his wife, their sullen teenage daughter. That entire family is fascinated by what time it is and whether people know it.
 He didn’t respond to my e-mail, his phone number is unlisted. Tell me what my other option was.
 Do you remember the grant proposal I submitted to the National Science Foundation to detect slow-moving monopoles at the magnetic North Pole?
 Aw, how nice. Well, a space opened up at the last minute on the NSF expedition to the Arctic Circle.
 Yes. In fact, he was quite enthusiastic. He said, “Frankly, if I could send you tonight, I would.”
 Of course not. I’m a theoretical physicist, a career I chose in no small part because it’s indoors, but if I’m able to detect slow-moving magnetic monopoles there, I will be the scientist to confirm string theory. People will write books about me. Third-graders will create macaroni-art dioramas depicting scenes from my life.
 Sarcasm?
 I’m on the horns of a dilemma. Can you imagine me, Sheldon Cooper, at the North Pole?
 I’m not good with cold, Leonardrd. How often have we had to leave a movie theatre because I got a headache from drinking the Icee too fast? I can’t go.
 How can you say that? The scientific opportunity of a lifetime presents itself and my best friend says don’t go.
 Listen to you. How can I possibly go?
 Odd, President Seibert posed the exact same question.
 It wasn’t. His wife set their dogs on me and rendered the question moot.
 Good news, gentlemen, I have tentatively accepted…
 …the invitation to join the Arctic Expedition.
 Thank you, but your sentiments may be premature.
 I would like to propose that the three of you accompany me.
 Yes.
 I’ll admit that was a concern. But the fact is, I’ll need a support team. And the three of you are my first choice.
 Well, there are others who might be more qualified, but the thought of interviewing them gave me a stomach ache. Now, I know I’m proposing an enormous undertaking, so why don’t you take a few moments to discuss it?
 I’m still within earshot! You may want to wait for my door to close.
 Well, gentlemen, have you reached a decision?
 Excellent. And just an FYI, as I am the expedition’s team leader, protocol dictates that be phrased fine, sir. But don’t worry, there will be a briefing.
 Penny.
 Penny.
Penny.
 Penny.
Penny.
Penny.
Penny.
 I need access to the Cheesecake Factory’s walk-in freezer.
 No. This is to train for a three-month expedition to the magnetic North Pole.
 I don’t know how that sentence could possibly confuse you, but to elaborate, I’m going to the Arctic Circle with Leonardrd, Wolowitz and Koothrappali.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Is that a yes or a no on the freezer? The woman has the attention span of a gnat.
 Yes, yes, you were busy, you were surprised, all very fascinating. Now where do we stand on the freezer?
 I’m sorry, but at what point do you put this see what you can do plan into action?
 No. Did she seem upset to you?
 Oh, good, I got it right. Are you upset?
 Two for two. I’m on fire.
 That feels like a bonus question. I’m going to stop here while I’m ahead, but I’ve had a great time.
 Alright, now the purpose of this drill is to acclimate us to the use of tools in extreme temperatures such as we will face in the Arctic Circle.
 Right here. All right, team, open up your practice kits. As the university did not permit me to bring the actual equipment we’ll be using to the Cheesecake Factory, because apparently I’m “ridiculous,” I’ve provided substitutes which will exercise your fine motor skills. Leonardrd, you will be doing a series of complex mathematical problems on a vintage Casio model 1175 calculator watch I received when I won the Earth Science medal in 3rd grade. Treat it with respect. Raj, you will be painting sideburns and a Van Dyke on a six-inch figurine of Legolas the elf. Now, remember, a Van Dyke is a goatee without a moustache. Wolowitz, you will be completing a series of delicate surgical procedures on the classic children’s game, Operation. To begin with, you will remove funny bone for two hundred dollars.
 And begin.
 Adversity is to be expected. Continue.
 Gentlemen, use your imagination. Innovate. Did Han Solo let Luke Skywalker freeze to death on the ice planet of Hoth? No. He cut open a tauntaun and used its internal body heat to warm him up.
 I hadn’t thought of that. I guess we’re done here.
 Here, drink slash eat this.
 It’s hot chocolate with a stick of butter.
 Because in the frigid temperatures in the Arctic, we need to consume at least 5,000 calories a day just to maintain our body weight.
 Way ahead of you, that’s an “I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter” stick.
 That’s very unlikely, Mrs. Koothrappali. If Raj dies, it’ll be from frostbite, gangrene, acute sunburn or being ripped to shreds by a fifteen hundred pound polar bear.
 I want a cookie, Meemaw.
 But Meemaw just made cookies.
 What?
 Okay, Leonardrd, I know you’re concerned about disappointing me but I want you to take comfort from the knowledge that my expectations of you are very low.
 Comforting is a part of leadership. It’s not a part I care for, but such is my burden.
 Assuming that’s a valid reason not to go, which it isn’t, how do you know this? Did she say it?
 What is it?
 Oh, that’s clever. Let me see if I understand this correctly. Her missing you is an emotional state you find desirable?
 All right. Well, given that missing you is predicated on you leaving, logic dictates you must leave.
 She does have a short attention span.
 Leonardrd, you may be right. It appears that Penny secretly wants you in her life in a very intimate and carnal fashion.
 Of course not. Even in my sleep-deprived state, I’ve managed to pull off another one of my classic pranks. Bazinga!
 All right, men, we begin initial assembly and deployment of the testing equipment starting tomorrow at 0700 hours, but until then, you are all off duty. I suggest you keep the shenanigans to a minimum as medical help is 18 hours away by dogsled.
 It is remarkable.
 What are we having?
 Did you bring the dehydrated low-sodium soy sauce?
 Freeze-dried spicy mustard?
 Flash-frozen brown rice, not white?

