 Sheldon, it’s not a great time, what do you want?
 What is it?
 So?
 Sheldon, I got to go inside. It’s getting rough out here.
 What was what?
 Okay, I’m hanging up now. You know there’s no such thing as a k… 
 Excuse me, ladies, my pants are buzzing. North Sea, how can I kelp you?
 Penny? Hey, it’s Penny. Everybody say hi to Penny.
 Best time of my life.
 Is it? Hey, everybody, it’s five thirty in the morning!
 Uh-oh, hang on.
 No, it’s a drinking game. Whenever we see an iceberg, we take a shot!
 That is my girlfriend. I swear to God.
 Hello.
 Keep your voice down.
 We finished the experiment early, so I thought I’d come home and surprise you.
 I didn’t tell Sheldon, so we could have a few days alone.
 Uh, sure, that’s why I did it.
 And this is me doing the Titanic pose on the boat.
 And, oh, that’s me getting rescued after I fell in.
 Yep. Here’s some money.
 And I’m gonna hit the head. That’s what us salty sea dogs say when we have to go pee-pee.
 I’m sorry, Sheldon. I should’ve told you I was back. I just wanted to have a couple days alone with Penny.
 That is not fair. I complain about what a burden it is at least once a month.
 I actually have used those exact words before. In that order.
 The what?
 Come on, I said I was sorry.
 Come on, this is silly. Hey, um, I brought you back a little present from my trip, huh? It’s that sailor cap that you wanted. It’s neat, huh?
 I don’t. I really don’t. Just try it on. Oh, yeah.
 Good morning.
 So am I driving you to work or are you still mad at me?
 Where do you think I would take you?
 I’m going to work. You can come if you want.
 No, I don’t.
 I didn’t make it back. The ship sank, I’m in hell.
 Why would anyone claim to be from New Jersey if they weren’t?
 Hey, I said I was sorry. What else do you want from me?
 Fine. What I did was wrong.
 You know what? I’m not driving you to work, because you’re incredibly annoying.
 Stop it.
 Bye.
 So now we’re just waiting for the data from the ship to be crunched, but the numbers look pretty promising.
 You know what? You’re a crazy person.
 Okay.
 I thought the measures were going to be the stars of the show, turns out it was the weights.
 Um, since when can Koothrappali talk in front of the girls without a beer?
 And no one told me?
 Oh, yeah. We were meaning to do that.
 Great.
 Aw.
 We did them at Princeton, too.
 Oh, these are a little different. There’s a tradition at elite universities…
 A tradition of hunts full of puzzles that rely on logic and obscure knowledge, science.
 I think it sounds fun.
 What’s all this?
 You really think he’s gonna send us to a bowling alley?
 It’s not funny.
 Ha-ha.
 Couples sounds great. Or we could mix things up. Maybe pick names out of a hat. Whatever.
 I just said, couples sound great.
 All right, let’s, let’s do couples. I want to.
 Stop yelling at me.
 Do you think Penny’s mad at me?
 No, because I didn’t want her on my team.
 Geez, I never realized you were so competitive.
 I have asthma. Back off.
 Hey, Penny, I just wanted to say good luck, and I hope there’s no hard feelings.
 Relax, it’s a hard puzzle. It’s gonna take a while to solve.
 Wait, I got it. I got it/
 You’re really mean, you know that?
 Um, I’m okay with you driving my car. I’m not okay with you flying my car.
 Uh-huh. Like death?
 Penny’s not answering my texts.
 This stupid game is why she’s mad in the first place. I’m telling her I’m quitting.
 Why?
 What does she think I am?
 I can’t believe she would say that about me.
 Call me a lady part. We’ll see about that.
 Almost.
 Got it.
 Yeah, Penny might be onto something.
 To the tar pits.
 The clue must be in the bag.
 It’s just a bunch of pants.
 Well, why would you want to be on someone’s team who you like to call a, I can’t even say it in front of Sheldon.
 You know exactly what I’m talking about.
 Why would you do that?
 Hey, I am every bit as much of a man as Penny. Now, let’s do this.
 This one is, too.
 Wasn’t the answer Sheldon’s spot?
 Are you kidding me?
 Hey.
 Yeah, but Sheldon and Amy were having date night and they don’t need me there to make it awkward. They have each other for that. So, how was school?
 You bought my mom’s book?
 Oh, come on. Not that book. It, it’s got, like, every horrible story from my childhood in it.
 Seriously, please find another book.
 There, there’s chapters about potty training, and bed-wetting and masturbation. Basically, if something came out of me, she wrote about it. You know what? Do whatever you want, just don’t talk to me about it.
 It was not a crisis. Apparently, I favoured the left one, she got a little lopsided.
 Why are you reading Pride and Prejudice?
 Aw!
 Actually, they were only digging in the wrong place because Indy had the medallion. Without him, they would have had the medallion and dug in the right place.
 Aw!
 No.
 They weren’t boobies, they were muscles. And the make-up was green. I was pretending to be The Hulk.
 That was to keep my muscles from sagging. Can we please stop talking about this?
 Okay, fine. Do you want to know why I dressed like The Hulk? Because I was always mad at my mom and I wanted to smash my way out of that house.
 Gee, I don’t know. Maybe it’s because I was always the subject of her little experiments. Did you get to the chapter where she staged the Easter egg hunt with no eggs to see how long I’d keep looking? The answer, by the way, June.
 I do, too, but there’s not.
 Of course, who am I to argue with a check-plus student? Just warning you, I’m gonna go right. Don’t make a big deal out of it.
 Whatcha doin’?
 So you’re looking to ruin something for her in the funny pages?
 Mm-hmm. And?
 Maybe they fell in love with him as a puppy and didn’t know how big he was gonna be.
 Sorry, buddy.
 I’ll see you later. I gotta go watch a stupid football game with Penny.
 I gotta go.
 You ready to go?
 Some sports bar. It’s like they never even heard of Quidditch. Do we really have to go?
 Well, you’re, you’re right. Let’s just go.
 Nothing, I’m fine.
 No. Not everything is about my mom.
 Except this is totally about my mom.
 That sounds nice. Yeah.
 Or, you know, we could get take-out and watch the Blu-ray extended version of The Hobbit movie with commentary track. On account of how sad I am about my mom.
 One sec. Hey. Sorry.
 I’ll try, but I might be sad again tonight.
 Leave it alone. That’s my girlfriend.
 Who just had sex with me at work.
 Well, whenever I talk about how awful my mom was, Penny will do anything to make me feel better.
 Look, I mean, I’m not proud of it, but it does work. I got her to watch a six-part documentary on Monty Python. Even I was bored, I just wanted to see if she’d make it to the end.
 I am, I’m really proud.
 Hey, I was just… what is happening?
 Oh, oh, I have. So bad.
 Uh-huh, I can already feel it working.
 Mom?
 I… uh…
 Oh, please, Mommy. No, Mommy.
 I didn’t dream that?
 Penny, come back. I’m sad for real now.
 Yeah!
 Although, technically, Indy was supposed to take the ark to a museum to be studied. He couldn’t even get that done.
 Your father’s a gynaecologist.
 No, no, I think it’ll be great. Maybe next time he gets conjunctivitis at work, she can hold his head and try to put the drops in his eyes. Giant baby.
 Yeah, I know.
 Please let me be there when you tell her that.
 Please, oh, please, just let me be there.
 Nailed it.
 So, boys, how was the pyjama party? You guys jump on the bed and sing into hair brushes?
 Hey.
 That was kind of icy. You two okay?
 Smart. Take relationship advice from a man who spent last night braiding Raj’s hair.
 It’s nine o’clock, where you been?
 I did not.
 I thought Amy was gonna drive you home.
 Sheldon, I’ve known you a long time, and I’m going to tell you this with all the love I can possibly muster. Amy’s right. You’re wrong.
 Doesn’t matter.
 Doesn’t matter.
 Laser’s warmed up.
 No, no, what are you doing? He’s both happy and quiet. It’s like seeing a unicorn and Bigfoot at the same time.
 Aw.
 It’s really sweet what Howard wants to do for Bernadette.
 Well, for starters, you’ve broken up with me so many times, which first date are we talking about?
 And besides, I do romantic things for you all the time. Can you even name one romantic thing you’ve done for me?
 Sex doesn’t count.
 Well, I took you there. All you did was…
 It’s fine. And also not true.
 That’s beautiful. Is that Shakespeare?
 He’ll figure it out when he falls off the roof.
 Sheldon, I know you’re in the zone, but do you want some tea? All right, I can’t believe I’m gonna say this, but you haven’t spoken in hours and I’m starting to get worried. Please say something.
 Nope, it was better before.
 Holy crap, Sheldon, did you just figure out a method for synthesizing a new stable super-heavy element?
 Yeah, definitely better before.
 If by cool you mean willing to, yes. If by cool you mean cool, clearly you’ve never seen me play the cello.
 Sheldon, that’s incredible.
 Good to know.
 You got to stop beating yourself up over this. I mean, you made a mistake, but it was a happy mistake.
 Oh, people get things they don’t deserve all the time. Look at me with you.
 Buddy, I don’t think you can. I mean, once it’s out there, it’s out there. This thing is like the science equivalent of a sex tape.
 You don’t know what a sex tape is, do you?
 We’ll be there.
 I will not.
 Invite them to live with us.
 Yeah. It must be nice to have someone do something so romantic.
 Actually, it can be, but I told you sex doesn’t count.
 Hey, I get that you feel bad about all the attention, but still, what you did is amazing. We’re really proud of you.
 Oh, my God, is she okay?
 Oh, no.
 And he’d probably still live with his mom.
 And he’d definitely still live with his mom.
 Oh, we couldn’t have imagined how good our lives would get from the moment that we met you, Bernadette.
 I have to say, this is the best Top Ramen you’ve ever made.
 Stop it, you’re gonna make me cry. All right. You seem pretty confident.
 Oh, rose petals.
 You made the bed? You really are pulling out all the stops.
 Oh, wow.
 This is great. It, thank you, it’s, so much.
 Nothing. I love it.
 It’s true, I did. I did say that. When we were at the used bookstore together and I saw the first edition and I bought it.
 No, no, it’s okay. It’s really thoughtful.
 I can’t believe you saved all this stuff.
 Come here.
 Is that a pregnancy test?
 That’s because you’ve never seen him on restock the medicine cabinet day.
 Oh, Gas-X has a new ultra strength. I guess they really do read their mail.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, maybe we shouldn’t bother him.
 He thinks there’s a difference.
 Dr. Jeffries, hello again. Leonard Hofstadter.
 No, she’s not.
 Sheldon.
 Hey, Sheldon, let’s go mock the people buying homeopathic medicine, you love that.
 What’s up?
 Hey, I got an email from Professor Proton.
 He’s working on a paper about nano vacuum tubes, and wants to know if I’d take a look at it.
 If you would have told me when I was a kid that someday I would be doing science next to Professor Proton, I would not have believed you.
 I’m sorry, Dr. Jeffries, I’m just excited. This nano vacuum tube idea of yours is, it’s really interesting.
 Why is it odd?
 Mr. Nye, hello. I’m sorry he got you involved in this nonsense.
 Oh, uh, we’re making nano vacuum tubes.
 Okay, we’re almost ready to go. Once we bond the wires, we can test the tubes.
 Oh, God.
 Sheldon just sent me a picture of him and Bill Nye getting smoothies.
 Yeah, sure.
 Oh, uh, you know, because we’re friends.
 Wow, you ask really hard questions.
 Look, I know he can be aggravating, but what you have to remember is that he’s not doing it on purpose. It’s just how he is. But he’s also loyal and trustworthy and we have fun together.
 He did bite me once. But in his defence, I came up behind him while he was eating, so…
 You know what, Sheldon is the smartest person I have ever met. And he’s a little broken and he needs me. I guess I need him, too.
 Boy, you will not let this go, will you? Oh, jeez.
 No, I have to go pick him up. Bill Nye ditched him at the smoothie place.
 He can’t help it. He can’t. He really can’t.
 Sure.
 Oh, uh, we played, once. I broke a window.
 That one over there.
 Skee-Ball tickets?
 Uh, if I still have them, they’re probably in the junk box.
 Yup, oh, here you go.
 Oh. I forgot about this. My aunt made it for me when I started college.
 Why? Because I got an ugly, itchy sweater, and my brother got a car? No, I was her favorite.
 Hmm, I think I got them all. Nope, they’re not in there.
 No, no, no, I, I looked, and there’s, there’s, there’s no more tickets.
 Okay, okay. I’m gonna show you what’s in the box. But just promise not to flip out.
 Okay, Sheldon, I know I was supposed to return this DVD a long time ago, and I know we rented it on your card. But it’s been, like, seven years and clearly nothing bad has happened. So in-in-in-instead of being a giant pain in the ass like you always are, what if this one time you just tried staying calm?
 I’m sorry. I’ll, I’ll take care of it.
 I mean it, I’m going to.
 And you’re going to stay calm?
 How about that? Sheldon’s being reasonable.
 So, when you say you’re not going to freak out about the DVD, here’s what that means. Don’t fixate on it. Don’t wake me up in the middle of the night. Or nag me through the door while I’m on the toilet.
 When I broke my arm I used to stick a coat hanger down there. You ever try that? Maybe go in through the ear?
 Well, I don’t know how to do that.
 That’s stupid. Why?
 I’m telling you, try the hanger.
 You got it. If this sweater shuts you up, I’m gonna make a fortune selling them to everyone we know. Now all I need to do is head down to the video store and return the DVD.
 Really?
 No.
 No.
 It’s called proving a point.
 Monday morning I’ll go downtown, look up the owner’s information and send him the DVD. Pay the late fee, and prove to Sheldon that you can have a problem and solve it without acting like a complete lunatic. Ah!
 Well, Sheldon, it took me all morning, but I found the owner of the video store. And I am happy to report that he died peacefully in his sleep, drunk at the bottom of a pool. Anyway, there is no one to return the DVD to, so this issue is resolved. Ah! And I’d just like to point out that even though the sweater was uncomfortable, I didn’t use it as an excuse to antagonize everyone around me.
 Or it’s resolved.
 Oh, I’m just trying to find the stupid next of kin to this stupid video store owner so I can return the DVD and see the look on Sheldon’s stupid face when he sees that I didn’t let this get to me.
 There’s a principle at stake.
 Oh, I don’t know. Who cares? Look at me.
 No, no, honey, if I take it off, Sheldon wins.
 No, it’s, it’s almost done. I just, I have to find the next of kin, and send ’em the DVD and then just wait for someone with my complexion to die so I can get a skin graft.
 What is that? What is that for?
 Okay, Sheldon, I am out of options. Video store owner, Nursis Manookian, has no next of kin.
 Oh, oh, no, no. It’s because I spent all afternoon at the Armenian church where his funeral mass was held. According to Father Solakian, no one attended. Luckily, my trip wasn’t a complete waste. I lit a candle and prayed for your death but I’m not Armenian, so it probably won’t work. This is over, right?
 Listen to me, Sheldon. I am not going to Lebanon to return Super Mario Brothers the movie.
 Why isn’t this bothering you? Isn’t your brain getting itchy? This is on your card. This could be ruining your credit score. Why isn’t this making you crazy?
 What?
 What?
 Aaaah! I, you, how can, what!
 The math is all there. It’s not real.
 Were you drunk?
 I think you’re the one who fell over.
 It’d actually be nice to not hear Sheldon complain about my cooking all day.
 I want to go.
 You did?
 Wait, you went to a chapel?
 Why?
 Penny, you know those are real, right?
 Yeah, they are.
 Yeah, they are.
 I can’t believe you’re married to that idiot.
 Well, a goof or not, you’re actually married. You need to get this taken care of.
 I’m hoping you can get an annulment. It’s just like it never happened.
 Oh, she’s mad at me because she just found out she’s married to Zack.
 Okay, I found the, uh, court papers that you and Zack need to fill out. I’ll print them when we get home.
 And we can just put this whole thing behind us.
 What?
 Why are you mad at me? You’re the one that did the stupid thing. I’m just trying to fix it.
 Wuh, Penny.
 How am I the bad guy? She’s the one who married someone else. I’m the victim.
 Sure.
 Wait, you invited him here?
 Come on.
 I just don’t understand why you invited him here today.
 Well, you might have to cook for one more because she invited Zack.
 Sorry she made you come over here on a holiday.
 Yeah, uh, you guys have to sign here and here. On Monday, we’ll file for the annulment, and this marriage will be over.
 Why won’t you sign it?
 You married him instead of me? Good call. Sign the papers.
 That is not true.
 You’re the one who invited him here.
 Yeah, well, she’s not gonna be your wife for long.
 I’m sorry, too.
 Of course you’re not. People love trained monkeys.
 Hey, you’re in a good mood.
 Well, you’re about to be in an even better one. I didn’t want to say anything until I knew for sure, but, I’ve been re-running the tests on your element in my lab and I disproved it. Your element does not exist.
 Yeah, it turns out someone added simulated signals to the data files. They faked the results.
 Yes. Do you know what that means? That means all of this attention that you hate goes away.
 No, it’s all over.
 Well, you’re welcome.
 What?
 I, I don’t understand. All you’ve done since you discovered this stupid element was complain. I was trying to make you happy.
 Oh, there is no winning with you. And koalas and otters don’t even live near each other.
 The, the element never existed. I didn’t take it away, science took it away. Be mad at science.
 Will you tell him he’s out of his mind.
 Okay, Sheldon, what do you want me to do, hide the information? If I don’t publish it, it’s just a matter of time before someone else does.
 Fine, I’ll publish.
 Hey. I just wanted to let you know that I, I posted my findings.
 These things happen all the time, Sheldon.
 Come on, don’t give him a hard time.
 It’s not a big deal.
 Okay, Barry, that’s enough.
 I can’t believe they kicked you out.
 Oh, relax, she’s in her crate. She can’t get out.
 Thanks.
 Well…
 He asked me.
 As I was saying…
 Sheldon.
 Sheldon, this interview is supposed to be about me.
 Oh, I hope it’s just a sprain. I cannot walk into that E.R. with another video game injury.
 Where?
 Is someone sick?
 Well, congrats, and it’s nice you’re gonna be there for your sister.
 All right, here’s the deal. Sheldon is gone, so the tree decorating rules are out the window.
 And I’m happy to report its kickstarter campaign is holding strong at zero dollars.
 I know, it’s crazy. Welcome to the Thunderdome, people. 
 I love it.
 But it is what you got me last year.
 And last night.
 Hey, buddy.
 What do you think? What do you think? What do you think?
 You don’t know that. I’ve been going to the Cheesecake Factory for years. I could have picked her up.
 No.
 I’m gonna do it. I’m gonna ask her out.
 Watch me.
 I, uh, ah, um, I…
 You guys are making me nervous.
 I will. Excuse me.
 Hi, uh, um, I’m Leonard?
 No, I am he. Uh, any, anyway, um, there’s been something I’ve wanted to ask you for a long time. Um.
 Eh, uh, well, I was wondering, if you’re not too busy, um, uh, if, if you’d be interested in telling me where the restroom is?
 Come on, I would not have peed my pants.
 But, you forget, I did ask you out in real life.
 You know, maybe you and I wouldn’t be together, but you wouldn’t have done so great yourself.
 Because I know exactly the kind of guy you would’ve ended up with.
 Oh, hold on.
 The end.
 Hey, Sheldon sent us all an e-mail. Happy holidays from Texas. And there’s pictures. Aah! Don’t open them. Do not open them.
 Disagree.
 That’s enough.
 Oh, good. Is the baby born yet?
 We talked about it, but Howard was in a pretty serious relationship with his mom.
 Oh, this guy wanted a place of his own because he was sure he was gonna be a ladies’ man.
 Coming.
 Hang on. Why would I be fat?
 Why can’t you be fat, too?
 What do you want to do for dessert?
 No, there’s not.
 Stuart!
 Well, good for you, buddy. We’ll let you get back in there.
 I’m telling you, Sheldon cares for you more than you think.
 Hang on, I’m gonna give you a little early Christmas present. I’m gonna show you something, but if you ever told Sheldon he’d probably never speak to me again. So, if you want to tell him, that’s fine. Look.
 He made you his screensaver.
 Oh, well, it’s you, Swamp Thing, Stephen Hawking, Spider-Man, but, look, you’re in the mix.
 Oh, Madame Curie.
 I’m gonna do it. I’m gonna ask her out.
 Uh, your phone number and one more cheesecake.
 Absolutely.
 What happened?
 What? That’s great. Guys.
 That’s amazing.
 So it, it’s just flirting?
 Uh, no reason. I just think it’s sexier when things are left to the imagination.
 Is it true even when the man lets his dog lick peanut butter off his tongue?
 It’s a joke.
 No. Do you?
 I take it back. That was funny.
 I bet that bit killed at The Chuckle Hut.
 You know, I think we’re zeroing in on your problem.
 Are you set on people laughing with you? ‘Cause if you’re cool with at you…
 I’m so proud of you.
 I know, but you’re going to be a TV star and you haven’t left me yet. That takes guts.
 What’s wrong?
 Oh, Penny, I’m, I’m sorry.
 How you doing?
 You still got the part. That’s a huge accomplishment.
 Honey, you only had, like, three lines. That wasn’t gonna happen anyway.
 Oh, come on, no, that’s not what I meant.
 I don’t, look, you know, words don’t always have to mean things.
 Nope. Uh, uh, I might not know what I meant, but I know that I didn’t mean that. Not this guy. Oh, no way.
 Right.
 Yes.
 Honestly?
 I don’t.
 I don’t know, I got all confused when you said honestly.
 Look, do I think that you are talented and that you are beautiful? Of course I do. But isn’t Los Angeles full of actresses who are just as talented, just as beautiful? All right, look, we’ll come back to that.
 That is not what I said. Look, I think you’re really good. I truly do. But this is an incredibly hard thing that you’re shooting for. I mean, the odds of anyone becoming a successful actor are like a million to one.
 Should’ve let Sheldon come.
 Hey. Can we talk?
 That was really crappy of me. What you’re trying to do is hard, but people do make it, and I really do believe you could be one of them.
 And to show you how much I believe in you, I kind of got you an audition.
 The new Star Wars movie.
 There’s this thing online, you put yourself on tape and just send it in, anyone can do it.
 So? Even if it is, you have a huge advantage because you’re an actual actress. Most of the people doing this are just weirdoes and nerds. Wolowitz sent his in two days ago.
 Look, maybe it is a long shot, but sometimes long shots happen. Luke Skywalker was only given one chance to destroy the Death Star. He had to get a torpedo into an exhaust port that was only two meters wide, but with the help of The Force, he… wow, I can feel you hating me right now.
 Yes, how much for a hundred long-stemmed red roses? Really? How much for three?
 Yeah, I’ll call you back.
 Well, I don’t think you called it idiotic.
 Come on. It’s okay.
 No, you’re not.
 Okay, listen to me, this is just a minor setback.
 Well, you have me.
 What?
 Um…
 Look, you know I love you but, but you’re, you’re drunk and sad and feeling lost.
 That is not what I said.
 Really not a good time.
 Penny, don’t.
 To my room.
 No.
 What?
 No.
 Penny proposed, and I didn’t say yes.
 That’s a good question.
 I don’t know.
 Because I’m afraid to know the answer.
 That’s it? You’re not gonna make some dumb joke or some inappropriate comment?
 Did you just put a kick me sign on my back?
 I know.
 You need to let it go, Sheldon.
 Oh, my God, they’re just making you use your vacation days.
 Okay, listen, I don’t mean to diminish what you’re going through, but I’m a little distracted right now.
 It doesn’t.
 I’m gonna go talk to Penny.
 Hey.
 Okay.
 Look, if you want to break up, just say it.
 No, no, no, no. I take it back. Don’t say it. Just, just hate me, but stay with me. It worked for my parents.
 Oh. Oh, okay. Good, good. So, it’s cool if I cry a little?
 Yeah.
 Look, I get it, and I want you to know that I support whatever you want to do.
 Wow. That, that’s a big step.
 So, well, before making any rash…
 And I support you.
 No. You’re on vacation.
 Do you really think there’s gonna be a breakthrough without you there to do it?
 Bye.
 No.
 No.
 Oh, Sheldon, stay.
 I said stay. I’m going to work. Do not follow me.
 Yeah.
 I don’t know. She already thinks I don’t support this, so if I call, it might look like I’m checking up on her.
 Of course I do. She’s a great actress. I’m proud she’s taking this risk.
 You bought that? Great. I got to call her before I forget how I said it. Hey.
 Oh, how’s it going? You taking Hollywood by storm?
 You got your job back. That is great news. I didn’t want to say anything, but you are making the right choice. To plunge yourself into debt right now would be literally insane.
 And I support you.
 Oh, hey.
 How did she get you to do yoga?
 Oh, how many times do I have to say it? I support you.
 Fine. I’m not sure you should have quit. But if you care so much what I think, why didn’t you ask me before you did it?
 Yes. I thought we were in the kind of relationship where we make decisions together. If I’m wrong, then maybe we need to talk about the kind of relationship we’re actually in.
 Can we please have some privacy?
 No.
 For some reason, we’re planning a future where we both live with Sheldon forever.
 I swear, I am on your side.
 Listen, I could never do what you’re doing, okay? I would be terrified.
 My point is, just because I couldn’t do it doesn’t mean you shouldn’t. And I’m proud of you.
 Oh, I’ve got butterflies.
 Hey. We’re about to buy tickets for Comic-Con.
 They sell out incredibly fast, but as long as one of us gets in, we can buy passes…
 Well, this is it, this is it. This is it.
 Not yet.
 Refresh. Refresh. Refresh….
 Refresh. Refresh. Refresh….
 I did it, I did it, I’m in the queue.
 Uh, fifteen…
 …thousand two hundred and eleven.
 Oh, Thursday’s gone. Just Sunday left.
 Sunday’s gone.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Sheldon, just buy scalped tickets with us.
 Do what you want. We’re getting scalped tickets.
 The same way I know that the people in the TV set can’t see me.
 Did you tell them that you’re holding your convention at a Marie Callender’s, and that every panellist gets a free slice of pie?
 Look, even your friend Wil Wheaton thinks this is a waste of time.
 Sheldon, buddy, I just don’t think this is going to come together for you.
 Good luck.
 Mmm, what if we go as The Fantastic Four, and just tell people that the Invisible Girl is standing there with us.
 Does that step include chloroform and a roll of duct tape?
 Sheldon, I don’t care if you get scalped tickets with us or not, but please don’t be creepy and go stalking this poor guy. You’re gonna get in trouble.
 Yes. He, he’s late because he’s on his way here from 1940.
 Well, now you’re making me wonder if we should have met him at a neutral location.
 Maybe this isn’t a good idea.
 Hold on. We always do this.
 Chicken out. We’re, we’re so afraid of getting into trouble that we never do anything wrong.
 Even Batman breaks the rules.
 I say, this one time, instead of wimping out, let’s be badasses.
 Howard, you in on this?
 Name one.
 A little.
 Good. This is exciting.
 Yeah. What if we do get caught, who cares? So we get banned from Comic-Con.
 I wonder if we’d have to disclose something like this when we apply for grants.
 Plus, I’m not sure it’s a great idea to take Penny to where wine comes from. What? It’s a joke. Oh, come on. We bust on each other. I wear dorky glasses, you might have a problem, it’s all for laughs.
 We’d be happy to watch Cinnamon.
 Okay. Raj, I got it. Bye. That was your daddy. He wanted me to say that he misses… Why am I doing this?
 Ooh, flowers and chocolates? Somebody’s trying to get me out of my panties.
 Got you a little something, too.
 It gets better. Instead of me, you can take someone who will actually enjoy it.
 Thank you. Seriously, please don’t make me go.
 Mm, don’t have to, we have the whole place to ourselves.
 In fact, if you want, we can do it right here on Sheldon’s spot.
 To the bedroom.
 Hey, Cinnamon, guess who just did it human style.
 It’s a little late, but I’ll take it.
 Oh, crap. What are we gonna do?
 I don’t have a vet. I have a podiatrist, an optometrist, an allergist, a dermatologist, a urologist. You’d think I’d have a vet.
 Okay. Koothrappali was right. We should have let her watch.
 Well, to be fair, you ate a lot of it before you gave it to me.
 No. Maybe to her.
 Really? Do you know how much those Lakers tickets were?
 Sorry.
 We’re really sorry. It was an accident.
 Oh, no, come on. It was a while. It was a while.
 Maybe, but you also think nine minutes isn’t a while, so what do you know?
 They’ve been in there, like, half an hour.
 How long should we stay?
 I saw a Thai place next door.
 How’s she doing?
 Yeah.
 Yes, thank you for all your help.
 Oh, hey. You’re back. How was your trip?
 Great. What did you do?
 Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I’m gonna need more details.
 No, hang on. Hang on. Are all those things equal to you?
 Well, give it a go.
 Additional data. You dog.
 Oh. Wait, then what is it if you just have hair up here?
 Moo-stache.
 Moo-stache.
 Oh, I’m sorry.
 Sorry. How did it go?
 I know you don’t like change, but it’s not a terrible idea.
 Waah. I don’t want a table.
 Hey, Penny and I are gonna go shop for a dining room table. You want to come with us?
 Seriously? You haven’t used this desk in years. The second I want to get rid of it, you’re up here working?
 Are you really gonna sit here all day?
 If you’ll recall, the Vogon fleet blew up the Earth anyway.
 I’m putting all this stuff in storage. We don’t need any of it.
 Oh, hang on. Check your in-box.
 Huh?
 Nary an argument? Nary?
 No. Sheldon doesn’t like reclaimed wood.
 He’s afraid the original owners will come back.
 Well, he is here. So unless you want to dig him out with a bone saw and a melon baller, there’s nothing I can do about it.
 I know, but…
 You’re right. I mean, he decides what TV shows we watch, what food we eat, who my favourite hobbit is. I wanted Frodo, but we can’t both have Frodo, so guess who’s stuck with Samwise Gamgee.
 You make a lot of sense. I like this table, and I’m getting it.
 That one? Damn right I like that one.
 Hey, all set. What do you think? There’s plenty of room for everybody, a view out the window.
 We’re not.
 She’s right, a committee that important should meet more often.
 Oh. This is the thing about me standing up to him and not letting him run my life?
 That.
 Well, it’s always me, take one for the team.
 Fancy sounds like a compliment.
 You’re too close to it, but Amy has had a huge impact on you.
 Mm, Sheldon, you didn’t have a personality, you just had some shows you liked.
 Or you’re just a tall, annoying frog.
 Well, we should call her.
 Oh, hey. You guys didn’t break up.
 But the mission wouldn’t be for at least a year. Isn’t that enough time to get your blood pressure under…
 So why are you trying to ruin it?
 Oh, don’t anthropomorphize him, he’s got big eyes, but his feelings are not like ours.
 Well, it’s not silly if you think of that group as being led by a big, evil baby.
 But Penny, this was your idea. You said that I should stand up to him.
 Fine.
 Hey. I mean, it’s been a little tough, but Penny’s following her dreams, and in my book, that is not depressing.
 Why would you do that?
 So are you really not gonna do this movie?
 Well, but don’t a lot of famous actors get their start doing bad movies?
 I don’t know anything about show business, so if you think it’s reasonable to turn down paid work and just burn through your savings, I’m sure you know what you’re doing.
 No, no, no. This is not a fight. I was just excited that someone offered you a part and a little surprised that you’d rather sit at home and do nothing than take it. Now it’s a fight.
 Are we playing individual or teams?
 Oh, how’d it go at the mechanic?
 Yeah, sure.
 I’m so sorry. I know it’s a sensitive subject, but can you reconsider that part in the movie?
 At least they talked about you on Letterman. Come on, I can drive you wherever you need to go.
 You sure you want to do this?
 Let’s get this over with. Am I driving you to the Cheesecake Factory, or are we having sex? I’m just, I’m trying to lighten the mood.
 Sorry.
 So humiliating? Am I driving you to the Cheesecake Factory…? I’m sorry. I’ll. I’ll stop. I’ll stop.
 Come on, don’t look so sad. You never know what’s gonna happen. Maybe tonight will be great.
 I know. I thought we’d take yours.
 It’s nothing fancy, but it’ll get you to auditions, and at least for now, you don’t have to go back to waitressing.
 Don’t say anything.
 I mean, you could say thank you. I did just buy you a car.
 Yeah, he has a very sensitive butt. Well, it’s true. Once I saw him sit on a bunch of loose change and add it up.
 What do you guys want to do tonight?
 Oh, my God, Stuart?
 Calling 911.
 What do you mean it’s too late?
 Oh, come on.
 Come on, guys. Raj put a lot of effort into this. And that’s great. It’s not sad, it’s great.
 Oh, no, no. That’s Clarence Darrow. It’s from a game Sheldon made up called Chutes and Lawyers. You slide down a chute and then work your way back up through the appellate system.
 I’ve seen old pictures of you. You were never a fat kid.
 So one of us came back from the future to murder Stuart?
 Does the gazelle with a flair for storytelling know he’s just ripping off Terminator?
 Oh, does the gazelle know that according to Harlan Ellison, it was not ripped off from Demon With a Glass Hand, but was ripped off from another Outer Limits script he wrote called The Soldier?
 Hmm, I’m a professor at Stanford.
 Uh, uh, uh, hang on. Do you think we’d really drift apart if we both became successful?
 But if I get a chance to be a tenured professor, I might not have that much choice in where I end up.
 Well, you don’t go into science for the money.
 Great.
 In a minute. I don’t understand why any success you have in acting is more important than any I have in science.
 Like you and Sheldon have everything figured out?
 Aw.
 It was. By Terminator.
 Of course. Well, hey, how about this? Whether we’re friends, not friends, scattered around the world, no matter what, let’s all promise to meet in front of this building exactly 20 years from tonight at 8
 Putting it in my phone right now.
 All right, I’ll see you guys in 20 years.
 If only there were a solution to that.
 So go to the bathroom.
 Why not?
 Forgive me for asking a stupid question, but why are you being stupid?
 Why did I pee before I decided to move in here?
 Hey. Oh, how’d the audition go?
 Oh, that’s great.
 Aren’t you gonna ask?
 Yeah. I had higher hopes for a movie called Serial Ape-ist 2
 Well, for starters, I wouldn’t eat the bananas.
 Uh, uh, does it at least pay well?
 What does your agent think?
 You know what, why don’t you just do it? You’ll go have fun for a few weeks, make some money, and who knows what it might lead to?
 Just to clarify, which one of you is wearing the bikini?
 So it’s a family film.
 So, are you gonna see her again?
 You have my blessing. Go for it.
 Okay, that’s enough.
 PS4.
 What’s up?
 Two women at the same time? Nice job, playa.
 Was it the two women thing or the playa? It was the playa.
 Were you seeing other men?
 Aren’t you gonna ask me?
 Thank you so much for letting us pick your brain.
 So, what do you think, is there a professional downside to doing it?
 Sounds rough.
 Okay, this was helpful.
 Don’t worry about it, buddy. Okay, bye. That was Wil, he’s feeling a lot better. Apparently, he’s 12-down in the TV Guide crossword puzzle.
 Yes.
 I got to tell you, the more I read about the primordial gravity wave discovery, the more excited I get.
 What do you think about it, Sheldon?
 Oh, my God, you’re jealous.
 Oh, I don’t know. Maybe because the origin of the universe just got proven, the Higgs field just got proven, and you’ve been working on string theory for the last 20 years and you’re no closer to proving it than when you started.
 Penny, have you seen my good inhaler?
 Hey, how’s dating two women going?
 Women. Who knows what’ll set ’em off?
 Oh, yeah. Wasn’t that the basis of your postdoc fellowship?
 Are you sure you want to do this?
 What about your old look, well-groomed ventriloquist doll?
 So, business in the front, science in the back.
 That doesn’t work any more. He just thinks I’m taking him to the doctor. So, now that you’re no longer invested in string theory, what are you gonna pursue?
 It actually looks good, Sheldon.
 Yeah.
 Hey, I’ve got a good job. I could buy salmon. You don’t know.
 What about loop quantum gravity?
 One of the people that lives in his head.
 Well, if he does, I’ll see if my bear has a friend.
 How you feeling?
 Are you gonna introduce me to your friend?
 I don’t know. I heard you reading pretty loud last night.
 After she put you to bed, she went home.
 What?
 Okay.
 It’s sweet that he thinks there’s a story.
 Sure. What’s up?
 Huh, well, I think there’s some really innovative stuff going on in dark matter.
 Thank you.
 Hey. How about we bring back Anything Can Happen Thursdays?
 You made fun of us. Said it was stupid.
 Great, what do you want to do?
 I’m starting to remember the problem with Anything Can Happen Thursdays.
 What can we do that’s different?
 You know what? Why don’t we just ease into this. Let, let’s go for a walk and, and, and see if we find a new restaurant.
 No.
 Raj and Howard are at Howard’s mom’s, but should we call the girls and see if they want to come?
 Aw. What’s wrong with her?
 That’s not what I meant.
 What ails her?
 Hey, how about that Asian fusion place?
 I also love you.
 He’d probably give you homework.
 Thankfully Penny and I have a relationship based on honesty. What? I don’t lie to her.
 You and I never just hang out like this. Why is that?
 Yeah. We should do it more often.
 Ah, it’s Penny.
 Oh, doesn’t seem like it. She got Sheldon to go to a psychic with her.
 Well, Penny can be very persuasive. She’s gotten me to do a lot of things I wouldn’t normally do.
 Yeah, she does.
 Really?
 Well, well they’ve known each other a long time, and Penny grew up around horses, so she knows how to approach him without making him skittish.
 Well, it took him a long time to get comfortable around me, too.
 Something terrible in a former life? I don’t know.
 Uh, well, it’s not May the fifth, and it’s not May the third. It’s May the fourth.
 May the force be with you. Get it?
 Hey, you got a second?
 Sheldon, I’ve got some bad news.
 I just read online that Arthur Jeffries passed away.
 Sorry, buddy.
 Comforting you?
 Anyway, the, the funeral’s on Sunday.
 Yeah, um, of all the things about this that are sad, that might not be number one. You okay? I know he meant a lot to you.
 Okay. Yet he cried when they changed the Raisin Bran box.
 He was 84, he’d say where’s my pudding?
 Hmm?
 Really?
 Yeah, we won’t be eating Arthur tonight.
 I know.
 Oh that’s, that’s fine. Go ahead.
 Sorry.
 I am not a crybaby.
 The toys were holding hands in a furnace. Look, Arthur lived a full life. And he inspired a lot of people. Sure, he, he was my childhood hero, but the fact that I got to work with him, side by side, before he died was, it was, it was a gift.
 I got your back.
 So, what did you think of your first funeral?
 Yeah, well, when I die, you can rent a bounce house.
 Mm. Well, I think more about if I’d have any regrets.
 Mm, you know, that I didn’t travel more, take more risks, learn another language.
 That’s true.
 I just thought of one more.
 I regret not saying yes when you asked me to marry you.
 Yeah.
 What?
 I was not gonna propose. It’s already two to one.
 I proposed twice, you proposed once. Two to one.
 I don’t know what you’re upset about. I’m the one who’s losing.
 Yeah, I think I would.
 Hmm.
 It’s just such a big decision. I don’t want to have any regrets.
 On the one hand, if I say yes…
 Ooh, interesting. Did you just propose to me again?
 Really? Because I just heard will you marry me? That’s two proposals, one day. Sounds like someone wants to spend the rest of her life telling people how to spell the name Hofstadter.
 Hey. Penny, don’t get upset. Here. I love you, but, no, I will not marry you.
 Now, about that second proposal. On the one hand…
 Hey, buddy. Heard you’re having a rough day. You all right?
 It was nice, you know. A lot of people showed up, told some great stories about him. Did you know that Arthur’s son is a high school sci…? Hey, the guys are about to start Jedi. You want to go watch?
 Sheldon, that, that’ll take us all night.
 At least they toned him down in the second one.
 Poor Mrs. Wolowitz.
 Hey, how were things on the set?
 I don’t know. The bisexual gorilla go-go dancer in Schindler’s List is tough to beat.
 It only gets funnier when you explain it, Sheldon.
 Whoa, whoa, hang on. There’s no need to insult her.
 I’m her boyfriend.
 A little, yeah.
 You having second thoughts about acting?
 Yeah, but it’s not always that bad.
 What about when you did, uh, Anne Frank at that cute little theater?
 Yeah, but there was ample parking.
 And you were so good in the TV commercial.
 And I got itchy and swollen just watching you.
 Come on. How can you be sad when you’re going home with all five-foot-six of this?
 Can I get you anything?
 With your career?
 Like what?
 Come on, be serious.
 Why? Because I’m a, a smart decision?
 So I’m like a bran muffin.
 No, it’s exactly what you’re saying. I’m the boring thing you’re choosing because I’m good for you.
 Well, it matters a lot. I don’t want to be a bran muffin. I, I want to be a Cinnabon, you know? A strawberry Pop-Tart. Something you’re excited about even though it could give you diabetes.
 No, no. No, it’s too late. I’m your bran muffin. Probably fat-free and good for your colon.
 You know I want to marry you, but you’re only doing this because you got fired and you’re feeling sorry for yourself.
 Then what do you need?
 Oh. Then I guess I’m in.
 Not like, I guess I’m in. Like I guess, I’m in!
 So is that it? Are, are we engaged?
 All right.
 I’m not sure. Just feels a little anticlimactic.
 Oh, I know. This might help.
 I’ve had it for a couple years, not important. Penny, will you marry me?
 This would have been so much more romantic if you didn’t have monkey hair on your finger.
 How’s your mom holding up?
 Okay. Well, now that everyone’s here, Penny and I have some big news. We’re engaged.
 Hey, hey, what the hell?
 Hey, buddy.
 You okay?
 That’s a rude thing to say, out loud.
 Whatever you do, just don’t make any rash decisions.
 Hi, Mom. I have some exciting news.
 Before I tell you, will you promise to try and be happy for me and keep any concerns you have to yourself?
 I hate that you talk to him more than you talk to me.
 You know what? It’s probably fine.
 I’m your son. What about the fact that she’s good enough for me?
 Thanks, Mom.
 Yes, it would.
 What you working on?
 Oh. How’s it going?
 It’s nice that you called them esteemed.
 So, listen, there was something I was hoping to float past you.
 Now that Penny and I are engaged, I thought we might want to talk about our living arrangements.
 I’m not.
 Actually, this is about where she and I are going to live.
 Well, well, we might want to live together.
 That’s very sweet. But we were thinking more of us maybe living together with… not you.
 Look, I, I know this is, this is change, and that sounds scary.
 I don’t know. We just started to think about this. Maybe I’ll move in with Penny, or maybe she and I’ll take this place, and you can move across the hall.
 No, I did not.
 No.
 Because I love Penny, and want to give her the life she deserves.
 Well, yeah.
 Well, you cook for me all the time and, ugh.
 It’s hard to talk with so much heavy chewing to do.
 I know you’ll try. So, should we talk about setting a date?
 Okay. And when would that be?
 No, I thought he was with you.
 What happened?
 Oh.
 Well, he’s been having a couple of tough days. I’m sure he’s fine. He probably just needs a little alone time to decompress.
 Anyway, as I was saying, Sheldon probably just needs a little alone time. ‘Cause that’s important. Not just for him, but for most anybody, really.
 I haven’t heard from Sheldon in a while. You think he’s okay?
 I’m gonna see where he is.
 Oh, I know his password, so I can track his phone.
 Not always, but ever since he wandered off at the swap meet chasing a balloon, I get worried.
 That’s weird.
 He’s at the train station.
 It’s dark out and he’s alone, I don’t like it. Let’s go get him.
 It’s not just that. My mother would kill me if I let something happen to him.
 Sheldon.
 Yeah.
 Seriously? You don’t even have a change of clothes or a toothbrush.
 Okay, I know you’re upset and there’s a lot of stuff going on, but it’s nothing we can’t work out. Come on, let’s get you home.
 So a few things don’t go your way and your best decision is to ride the rails like a hobo?
 Come on, come home with us and tomorrow I’ll, I’ll take you to Legoland.
 Then what can I do?
 Oh, come on, you know you’re overreacting.
 What? Why?
 You know he can’t take a trip like this by himself.
 No, he looks like a grown man. You’ve seen Freaky Friday, sometimes little kids end up in big person bodies.
 I know, but…
 Sheldon, if you really need to do this, I’m not gonna stand in your way.
 Okay. Good luck.
 Bye, buddy. Sheldon?
 I’m gonna miss you.
 He just made that easier.
 He’s okay?
 Me, too. And he was able to take a sabbatical from…

