 Hi. Want to do yoga with me?
 Hey, what’s going on?
 Oh.
 Is he okay?
 Oh.
 I can’t, I have that job interview.
 Besides, I don’t need six hours of your hair is different, why did you change your hair? I’m holding my breath until your hair grows back.
 Nope.
 I haven’t been on a job interview in years. I’m really nervous.
 I don’t have any experience in sales. Unless you count the bikini car wash I did in high school. But you already made me take that off my résumé.
 They do?
 Oh, I really appreciate this. I just hope I’m not in over my head.
 I wish I felt more confident.
 Oh, thank you, but maybe I should cancel.
 But I don’t know anything about pharmaceuticals.
 They’re comfortable.
 Well, I’m a people person. People like me. Some of my favourite people are people. I feel like I’m saying people a lot. People, people, people. Okay, I’m done.
 People. Yes.
 Uh, well, as a waitress, sales was a big part of my job. I mean, believe me, I convinced a lot of very large customers, who should not be eating cheesecake, to have more cheesecake. I mean, one of those chubsters even had an insulin pump.
 People.
 Um, any chance his car needs to be washed by a girl in a bikini? No. Okay, I’m really sorry for wasting your time.
 Okay, thanks. Um, I’m sorry, listen, could you do me a favour and not tell Bernadette how badly I blew this interview? She’ll get upset. And honestly I’m a, a little terrified of her.
 Yeah, kind of.
 I know, but she’s kind of a bully.
 Me, too.
 What happened?
 Oh, my God, no.
 Hey, look who’s back.
 I thought your phone got stolen.
 I cannot believe you travelled the entire country and never left the train station.
 Next Monday.
 Uh, not yet, but I will.
 I said I’ll get to it.
 Well, the first few weeks will be all training. They’ll tell me everything I need to know.
 Okay, so what, you want me to be like a teacher’s pet?
 Hey. Ready to go to lunch?
 What happens if you don’t?
 Uh, no. Actually, I didn’t invite her.
 Well, ever since she helped me get this job, she won’t stop bugging me.
 That is not true.
 I told you, they’ll be right out.
 Well, you saw her the other night. Am I wrong?
 I’m sorry. I just need a little break from her.
 So, what are you saying?
 What?
 Uh, thanks, but I think I’m gonna stay in and go over the stuff Bernadette gave me.
 No, I think she was just trying to help. Plus, I really want to do well at this job. So…
 Headaches, dizziness and nausea.
 Those are also the side effects of having a 75-year-old man with an erection climb on top of you.
 Uh, no. I can keep going.
 Okay, good. She seemed like she really wanted to go out tonight.
 Hi. What’s going on?
 Okay, this is not what I meant when I said go outside and play.
 For what?
 What, you? Really?
 That’s so cool. Congratulations. I guess that makes you the athlete of the group.
 I know. Watching your boyfriend run around with a broomstick between his legs isn’t something you forget.
 Hey, how was dinner?
 You guys are going out two nights in a row?
 That’s so hot.
 Aw.
 Sheldon, I’m surprised you’d choose to go to a pub.
 Isn’t this when he says bazooka or something?
 Yeah, and actually, I drink Sauvignon Blanc.
 Relax.
 So what? Why do you even care?
 Uh, we’re not sure. But I want to wait long enough to prove to my mother I’m not pregnant.
 A hundred.
 Well, a relationship is more complicated than a French fry.
 Oh, what did those rascals do now?
 Well, kind of takes the romance out of relationships.
 No, don’t.
 Just don’t take it.
 ‘Cause it’s stupid. Who cares what number it is?
 I said I don’t want you to. I’m getting another drink.
 No, stop being stupid.
 Look, I don’t need a score on a test to make me worry about something I’m already worried about.
 That we’re engaged and have nothing in common, and it scares me.
 It does?
 Well, that’s not good. You being blindly infatuated with me was the rock we were building this relationship on.
 Hey, sorry about that.
 Let’s just take the test.
 Oh, well, ’cause you know we’re gonna do bad.
 Leonard.
 Look at you, talking sports.
 Can he really throw a ball?
 Yeah, that’s a no.
 Hi.
 Hey, I hear you’re a dermatologist.
 Oh, it would be great to practice on a real doctor.
 I don’t know. I kind of got the sense she didn’t like me.
 Of course not. No one ever says they don’t like you straight to your face.
 It’s just this vibe I got.
 Yeah. You’re probably right. I used to think my high school P.E. teacher didn’t like me, but it turned out, she liked me a little too much.
 Yeah. It was fine. We went to a Melissa Etheridge concert, I got an A, it all worked out.
 Yeah, I hope you’re right.
 Yeah.
 Hey.
 Thank you so much for letting me practice my sales pitch on you. I really appreciate it.
 Um, I brought coffee. I wasn’t sure what you like, so I got a regular, a cappuccino and a Chai tea. Since you like Raj, I thought you might be into that.
 Oh, yeah, sure. Let me just get out my materials. Leonard gave me this briefcase. He used to carry it around in high school. You can still see the dent where they whacked him with it. Okay, I would like to talk to you about our new birth control pill, Femevra.
 So, Femevra’s triphasic design provides balanced hormonal exposure.
 It has also been shown to cause significantly fewer side effects than other oral contraceptives. Although it can cause acne, which, if you ask me, kind of increases its effectiveness as a contraceptive.
 Okay, I’m sorry. Did we get off on the wrong foot? Because since the other night, I kind of feel like you might have a problem with me.
 Are you sure, because it doesn’t seem fine?
 Oh, my God. Tell me, what did I do?
 What? Oh, why would he say that?
 Well, I wouldn’t exactly call it a hook-up.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 No. Yeah.
 You told Emily we hooked up?
 Why would you say that?
 We weren’t lovers. Come on. Everyone knows we didn’t sleep together. We got drunk and fooled around. Why couldn’t you just leave me out of it?
 Yes.
 Well, good job. Now she hates me. Ugh.
 I don’t know what Emily’s so upset about anyway. Even if I had slept with him, so what? Everyone has a past.
 Almost everyone has a past.
 It’s not.
 How? You can’t force someone to like you.
 No, that won’t work.
 What?
 It’s stupid.
 Oh, my God. I didn’t used to like you.
 What’s up?
 Why are you asking me?
 Oh. Well, would you consider mounds of credit card debt kind of a big deal financially?
 Huh.
 Hi.
 Oh, thank you for coming.
 No, no. No need to apologise.
 Okay, sit down. Listen, Emily, what happened between me and Raj was a long time ago.
 Yeah, and Leonard and I are engaged now, and I’m just hoping we can put this whole thing behind us.
 Oh, that’s so sweet. I mean, look at you, you are gorgeous.
 Yeah, me, too.
 Oh, we would love that.
 Okay, good night, guys.
 Bye.
 I hate her.
 Hey.
 Want to go to Vegas this weekend?
 Bernadette? Girl’s weekend. Vegas. You in?
 Yes. I’ll check flights.
 So, where should we go first?
 Nah.
 No.
 Oh. Okay.
 No.
 Well, we’re in Vegas. I want to go downstairs, get a bucket of margaritas, dance until I vomit all over a roulette wheel and watch it go everywhere.
 Oh, you will. That’s why they give you the bucket. Uh-oh.
 It’s my boss. They moved my field ride up to Monday.
 It means instead of having a week to study, I only have two days.
 Uh, it’s kind of a lot. You know, let me do a little tonight, and I’ll catch up with you guys later.
 Yeah, it’s okay. Go ahead.
 Yeah.
 You guys look like you’re having fun.
 That’s a dollar.
 That sounds so great. But I have a little more studying to do.
 All right, guys, look, I would love to go out, but I’ve got to get this done, okay? So have fun at the club. And if you get in trouble, find a policeman. And if he’s taking off his pants, he is not a real policeman.
 To the walk-in closet? Sure.
 Yep. Shake that thing.
 Good morning. You want to go to the pool? Come on, you said it yourself, only nerds and losers stay in the room. Wow, it’s bright out. Isn’t it bright? I should probably close these curtains. Nah. Bye.
 Oh, thanks. Got a couple new outfits for work.
 Yeah. It’s all very professional.
 Okay, good.
 Wait, hang on, you guys are gonna work in a mine?
 You had a panic attack when we went through the car wash.
 I’m sorry, I was thinking about work.
 Yeah, that’s when I started thinking about work. Uh, listen, I’ve got some good news.
 This is for you.
 Well, you know how they gave me the company car? Didn’t make sense to have two, so I sold the other one.
 Yeah. And there’s your money back, and now we’re even. How great is that?
 What?
 Oh, come on, Leonard, I know the car was a thoughtful gesture and I really appreciate it, but it doesn’t make sense to have both.
 What should I have done? Taken a picture of us in the car and put it in a pink frame with puffy paint around it that says best fiancé ever?
 Well, good, because that’s what I did.
 Well, it’s not that sweet, I paid for the frame with your money and then got a massage.
 Why?
 And I really appreciate it, but now I don’t need it, so here you go.
 Sweetie, I can buy my own stuff. I have a good job now.
 Okay, I don’t want this to turn into a fight.
 Great. Thank you. Can you pass the salt, please?
 Hi. Sure.
 Oh, sweetie, just forget about it.
 Well, leaving an envelope full of cash on my dresser after sex would count as weird.
 Mm.
 You know what, that’s great. I love that.
 You two want to be alone?
 Oh, thank you so much. It feels so good to hear you say that. And I want you to know that I get this job kind of changes the balance in our relationship, and I’m trying to be sensitive to that.
 Well, I just think that maybe you’re a little hung up on the money because I’m less reliant on you now, and that’s a little scary.
 Control issues?
 Or, maybe now that I’m no longer an out-of-work actress who can’t pay for her own dinner, that makes you a little insecure.
 You know what? I’m sorry. It’s stupid to fight over money.
 Ugh, You’re right, who cares? Mm. Get that money out of my back pocket or I will break your fingers.
 Well, you know, now that we’re engaged, we had some questions about how you handle money as a couple.
 Well, do you guys ever fight over money?
 I see it.
 Oh, don’t apologize.
 It really bothers him?
 Uh-oh.
 Well, if I do well in sales, I could end up making a lot more money than you.
 Maybe it’s a good thing we came here. It’s like a lesson in what not to do.
 It won’t. Let’s just promise to figure this kind of stuff out before we get married.
 Hang on. I want to see if he gets the star.
 Okay, this is definitely the most fun thing we can do with the money.
 Same as all of us, getting out of a car without underwear.
 Okay, if it’s sometimes Howie wears yours, Leonard already told us.
 Why would you say that?
 I think the message is check out the rack on that scientist.
 Okay, what’s the big deal? Look, if it helps me make a sale with a physician, I don’t think it hurts to flirt a little. I mean, laugh at their joke, touch their arm, maybe crank up the AC in the car beforehand, you know, to wake up the girls.
 No, I think you should do whatever you want. You know, maybe if fashion magazines had female scientists in them, I would’ve become a theoretical physicist. Stop smirking at each other.
 Hi.
 Dr. Lorvis, what are you doing here?
 Really? Why?
 Oh, this is very embarrassing. Dr. Lorvis, I am so sorry. I did not mean to lead you on.
 Oh. That’s why you were mumbling Mississippi.
 Please, yes.
 What? No, no, I just put it on the other hand and turn it around. Keep that hand in my pocket.
 Well, what do you mean why? Look, I make more sales if these doctors think I’m single. I did the same kind of thing as a waitress. The real question is, what is he doing in your apartment?
 You were okay with that?
 Okay, he just showed up at my door. Don’t you think that’s a little weird?
 Okay. Whatever, look, my company does not allow me to socialize with doctors outside of work. You got to get rid of him.
 I can’t do it, he’s my best client.
 Dr. Lorvis?
 So, you just left them alone playing games in your house?
 Doc, you’ve got to see what you’re doing is, is a little creepy.
 Okay, you can’t just go chasing after every girl who’s nice to you.
 Hey, Leonard. Guess who’s back. Dr. Lorvis. Yeah. You care to join us? What? You locked them in your basement?
 Okay, so how do they unstick it?
 Okay. Nope. That’s it. We are gonna go over there right now, and you are going to let them out.
 Move it.
 Just walk.
 Leonard, are you okay?
 Okay, Leonard, let’s go.
 Yeah.
 Hey.
 Oh, great. I don’t suppose you also brought napkins, clean bowls, utensils and a roll of toilet paper.
 Ah, You guys are the best.
 Well, with all the new stuff I bought for work, I needed to make room in my closet.
 That, believe it or not, is my prom dress.
 What kind of teenager did you think I was?
 The word is popular.
 Aw, that’s sad.
 Doesn’t matter. Prom is silly anyways.
 No. I just made out with him a little while his date was puking.
 Okay, guys, trust me, as someone who’s been to, like, seven proms, it is never as good as you want it to be.
 Yeah, let’s see. Uh, four Under the Seas, two Enchanted Evenings, and one Night to Remember that I cannot remember for the life of me.
 Okay, okay.
 Well, who cares what I think? What do you think?
 Ugh, thanks a lot.
 Well, now I can’t blow this thing off without being a bitch.
 You knocked more than usual.
 Okay, what’s up?
 Great, how?
 Okay, just one question. What?
 Here’s a question, as an alien pretending to be human, are you planning to engage in any post-prom mating rituals with Amy?
 Not always. Unless your date drives a van with an air mattress, then always.
 You’re kidding.
 Thank you, so do you.
 Sheldon, doesn’t Amy look hot? That’s got to put some starch in the upper flermin.
 Oh, it’s beautiful.
 Aw, I know I wasn’t into this before, but I’m so glad I get to take you to your first prom.
 Well, who’d you go with?
 Aw.
 Well, if I would have been there and saw you alone, I would’ve asked you to dance.
 Well, you don’t know that.
 What, that already happened?
 Well, you wouldn’t have asked me either.
 Well, I might not have asked you to dance then, but I will ask you now.
 I don’t care. We’ll make our own music.
 Thank you for wearing your heels.
 Want to take a picture of us and send it to your old friends in the chess club?
 I know, me, too. But it will be fun to have a prom without all the drama.
 Hi.
 Yeah, I watched. It was like the scary boat tunnel in Willy Wonka.
 Yeah, back off, he’s all mine.
 Okay. And Sheldon really believes we’re at a public swimming pool?
 We had a really nice swim.
 ‘Cause I’m a liar, liar?
 You had to tell him?
 He’s still in surgery.
 He’s gonna be all right. That is sticky.
 I think she meant something a little happier.
 Oh, it’s nice you got him that.
 Okay, listen, when Leonard comes out, he is not gonna feel great, so, please don’t give him a hard time.
 Okay, the reason he deceived you is you were being a pain in the ass.
 Really? You won’t even say A?
 Obviously, I care about Leonard. I’m gonna spend the rest of my life with him.
 Sheldon, it was just a little tremor.
 Come on, smile. This is gonna be my Christmas card.
 Yeah, ’cause you sound really funny.
 Who are you kidding? You were so panicked Leonard was gonna die, you’ll never leave him.
 Yeah, once he figures out how to work a door.
 Okay, that’s morbid. Send it back.
 Hey, why did you get two? I’m with stupid.
 Oh, Dan. My boss who didn’t want to hire me and now’s a little hug machine.
 Aw.
 I’ll be right there. Bernadette’s just parking the car.
 Come on. She’s not that bad.
 I know she can be a little intense, but, I swear, she is so sweet once you get past all the…
 Oh. We were just talking about how much we love working with you. Isn’t that right? Dan?
 So, Dan, you have a grandson. How old is he?
 I heard he was being picked on by a mean kid.
 Oh, I don’t know. Maybe he didn’t like the fact that you called his grandson a wuss.
 Okay, look, I know what a good person you are, but sometimes people think you might come off a little harsh.
 Yes, but once in a while, people think you’re a little mean.
 No. No, no, no. I think the cookie thing.
 No. That’s fine, but there’s a difference between being tough and telling your friend her new pants look like a saggy diaper.
 Yeah, you did. I felt so self-conscious, I had to return them.
 You’re doing it again.
 Oh, come on, they don’t hate you, all right? They’re just a little intimidated. All you need to do is show everyone how sweet you really are.
 No, come on. You are not going anywhere, all right? I am here for you, and we are gonna fix this together.
 Even though your dress is ugly.
 What?
 Yeah. It comes from the swear jar we put money in when you curse.
 Uh, well, you know your private bathroom?
 That was supposed to be for the whole floor.
 Well, then, maybe you shouldn’t have named her Wheelchair Kathy.
 Because this company needs you.
 See? You don’t have to be mean to get what you want.
 Hey, how are things going with your parents?
 You know what? That was almost on topic. I’m gonna say good job, Sheldon.
 Me, too.
 So, Dr. Koothrappali, long flight?
 Oh, that’s rough.
 Oh, great. Everything’s good.
 Yes, we did.
 You’re just gonna leave him here?
 So, if you don’t mind me asking, do you think you might start dating again?
 No, but if things don’t work out with me and Leonard, I’ll give you a call. Wait. How much do you talk about Star Trek?
 Like what?
 Sorry. She’s taken, too.
 Certainly doesn’t feel like it, does it?
 Oh, I guess that’s where Raj gets it from.
 Hey, you know, Raj is dating a doctor who works a lot. Him and his mom have a type. You, you got to laugh at that, right? No? All right.
 It’s kind of boring. Although it did get exciting for a minute when Amy inhaled a wool ball. How much longer do you think you’ll be?
 Honey, it’s Christmas Eve. Who even knows you’re in there?
 So erase them and walk out.
 Oh, Sheldon, we didn’t bring any.
 Of course it is.
 Hi. Ready to go?
 Sweetie, you really thought I’d want to do this?
 Well, did you tell him that?
 Did you say it out loud with words?
 I don’t want to spend the whole day playing a board game.
 No. We’re always doing what you guys want. Just once, it’d be nice if you did something we wanted.
 Yeah, we do game nights and video game nights and we watch movies with director’s commentary.
 Yeah, today Amy and I are deciding what we’re all gonna do.
 Thank you.
 All right, let’s see. What’s something fun the guys would never take us to do? Oh, I know, we could go horseback riding.
 All right, well, what do you want to do?
 Well, that’s Wilshire’s problem. Come on, you know, there, there’s got to be something fun we could do that the guys will hate.
 Three words, Doctor Who convention.
 You walked out of the house in a fez and bow tie. I went so you didn’t get beat up.
 You were, but somehow I held myself back.
 Is there any part of your body that’s normal?
 How come we can’t think of something we both want to do?
 All right, keep thinking.
 It does, somehow he managed to take all the fun out of it.
 No, you’re right, we should do what you do. Have our mom send us pants from the Walmart in Houston.
 Bye.
 Uh, not really a great outfit for work, unless something opens up in the hookers and whores division. Hey, can I ask you something?
 Do I really force you to do things you don’t want to?
 How is it okay?
 Well, you know, that was a long time ago. You’re a different woman now. You’re smart, you’ve got great friends, you’ve got a boyfriend, you’re pretty, you have zero fashion sense, but, anyway, tonight we’re gonna do whatever you want.
 Absolutely. You name it, we’re doing it.
 Well, you named it.
 How are you guys getting along? What? Why are there tears?
 Sheldon, we know this is a sensitive subject, and Leonard’s not gonna move out until you’re ready.
 Don’t tell Amy that. We’ll be here every Sunday.
 I know. I’m really proud of Sheldon.
 Uh, Bernadette’s nickname for you is the virgin piña colada.
 Yeah, once I was too lazy to walk across the hall, so I used your toothbrush.
 So what do you need the headphones for?
 Is that why you had to take him to Office Depot last night?
 Yeah, have fun.
 And you thought it was soaping me up in the shower.
 I love him, but if he’s broken, let’s not get a new one.
 Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!
 Ugh!
 Ugh!
 Ugh, what?
 Oh, I’m just doing this awful workout. I hate it.
 I don’t know, I guess I like that I hate it. It makes me work harder.
 The exercise, Sheldon. Shouldn’t you be getting ready for work?
 Uh, you’re sad about not getting anything done last night, so you’re gonna sit around and pout about it?
 So, whichever rep has the best sales for the quarter gets a trip for two to Hawaii.
 Yeah, clearly you haven’t seen him on the beach walking around with his metal detector.
 Really? Want to go to Hawaii?
 Come in.
 What’s up?
 What exactly do you think goes on here?
 Sheldon, we are just people. We talk about the same things you guys talk about.
 Let’s just talk about our periods.
 Say the quote again.
 Wow, this is hard. I’m gonna say Cinnamon.
 Yes.
 Date night.
 Okay.
 Now, you just get comfortable.
 Yeah, you get some sleep.
 You’re right, we can’t.
 Soft kitty, warm kitty.
 Happy kitty, sleepy kitty.
 Purr, purr, purr.
 Mmmm.
 So, tell me about your day, how’s it going with the particle detector?
 Yeah, I listen to what you say. You’re building a particle detector using superfluid helium.
 And you know from past experience this table cannot support both our weight. So, how’s the detector going?
 Kind of like Sheldon’s ant farm.
 No, I do. I didn’t write superfluid helium on this napkin for nothing.
 Hey, if you’re pausing for dramatic effect, I’d keep it moving.
 Okay, well, if you find him, use the kitchen island, that coffee table will not support both of you.
 Oh, God. Probably nothing. I think I saw the director twirling a sign outside the Verizon store.
 What, no, why?
 It would be humiliating.
 Fine, but I’m telling you, it’s terrible.
 No.
 Doctor, please help me. I think I might be turning into a killer gorilla.
 Because regular gorillas are vegetarians, and I just bit the fingers off your receptionist.
 Okay, we’ve seen plenty.
 Okay, well, I’ve been poking around the internet, and I think I found something we’ll enjoy watching even more.
 Oh, just a video of Bernadette in a beauty pageant.
 You look like a talking cupcake.
 How could you not tell us you were in beauty pageants?
 It is; it truly is.
 No.
 Okay. We are reading that right now.
 Why? Is it about you and Sheldon?
 Oh, my God, it’s about her and Sheldon.
 Please show us?
 You know I’m gonna read it either way.
 Amelia and the time-trav… found it. It was just past dawn on the prairie, and like every morning, Amelia prepared to do her chores. Except something about this morning felt different.
 Maybe it was the first whisper of winter in the air, or maybe it was the unconscious handsome man with porcelain skin and curious clothing she was about to discover lying in the field. A man who would open her mind to new possibilities and her body to new feelings.
 “Time travel? I don’t understand,” said Amelia. Cooper stared at her. ‘Which word don’t you understand, time or travel?”
 It stung Amelia when he spoke to her this way. In her little one-room schoolhouse, she was always the smartest student, regularly besting the boys in her class, but this was no boy in front of her, this was a man.
 Cooper told Amelia about all the strange and incredible things the future would hold, like computers and living past 30. He asked her if she had any questions. All she longed to ask was if his heart was beating as fast as hers, but she was too afraid to hear the answer.
 So instead she asked if, in the future, Montana ever became a state.
 With a heavy heart, Amelia stood before the newly repaired time machine. She regretted giving Cooper the part he needed.
 What? No, I really want to know what happens, and Bernadette really, really, really wants to know what happens.
 No, it is. Does he stay? Do they kiss? Does she find out about Montana?
 Yes.
 Get out!
 You want me to stop reading?
 As he stood for Amelia to dry him…
 Hey.
 You okay?
 What’s going on?
 Did she leave pit stains in your favourite crop top, too?
 Oh, that sounds like a good thing.
 I’m sorry I didn’t have a camera.
 Well, I’m sure she didn’t upset you on purpose. Besides, aren’t you the one who says there’s nothing more important than the advancement of science?
 All right, well, if I’m understanding this right, and all she did was help out another scientist, I’m thinking you might have to let this one go.
 I don’t know what to tell you. I mean, why don’t you talk to her?
 Well, you could shove them somewhere.
 No.
 I don’t know, just think about something else.
 Sure.
 You know, some people try visualization.
 Okay, imagine your problems are a pen.
 Now imagine you’re holding that pen.
 Now open your hand and let it go.
 Sheldon, this isn’t that hard.
 How?
 What? She didn’t give me any puzzles.
 Son of a bitch.
 I can’t believe you were testing me against a chimp.
 Why would she even do this?
 Make this interesting? You bet money on me?
 It’s not interesting. It’s incredibly insulting.
 Oh, my, that’s it. Get out.
 Get out.
 What?
 Oh, hey. Did you see that? I, I figured out how to open the door all by myself. Maybe I’ll fling some faeces around my cage to celebrate.
 I know you’ve been giving me secret puzzle tests.
 Open the door now.
 Pull up your pants.
 I don’t want five dollars. I want my dignity.
 I know, it’s so insulting. At one point, they had me figure out how to get a banana out of a puzzle box.
 Unbelievable.
 Really? You couldn’t get it out?
 Eh, what’s the matter with them is they think they’re so smart they don’t care if they hurt other people’s feelings.
 The answer’s in this puzzle box. Let’s see if you can open it.
 I really thought he was gonna say let it go.
 How’s Howard holding up?
 Whenever I saw her, she’d say I was too skinny and try and feed me.
 Don’t take this away from me.
 Honey, neither of us comes off good in that story.
 Raj, would you ever try an experiment like that with Emily?
 Oh, careful. You’re poking at the whole foundation of The Bachelor.
 What? You’re okay with an experiment where you have to answer awkward questions about your innermost feelings?
 Please, can I do it with him? Please?
 I’m not gonna fall in love with Sheldon.
 You know what? I can honestly say if we fall in love, not only will I drive you there, I will buy you all the dragon T-shirts you want.
 Yup. Be right there. I assume you don’t want wine.
 What heavy machinery? Let’s just start.
 Question one. Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?
 Just says anyone in the world. I guess that means living.
 You sure that’s your choice? ‘Cause I’ve had that dinner.
 Robert Downey, Jr.
 Uh, well, I’d probably sleep in, do a little yoga, then lie on the beach while cute cabana boys brought me drinks and probably get a massage and then cap off the night with some dancing.
 Yeah, why?
 He’s there.
 Yeah, well, he brought a book, okay? What’s yours?
 Interesting, you didn’t mention Amy.
 Well, not to steal from the Bible, but turning water into wine sounds pretty good.
 Come on, I’m just having some fun with you.
 Fine. Honestly, if I could have one quality, I wish I could be as smart as you guys.
 Sheldon.
 Well, I can’t read people’s minds. Actually, that’s not true, I can read men’s minds, but only ’cause it’s usually the one thing.
 You’re all alike.
 Really? You always seem so confident.
 Well, now I wish I had the ability to make that stuff easier for you.
 Wow, I just felt this wave of affection for you.
 And the wave is gone.
 If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone, what would you most regret not having told someone?
 Today’s your birthday?
 Well, that’s always been a secret. Not even Amy knows.
 So, why did you finally tell me?
 Well, thank you for sharing it with me. I won’t tell anyone.
 That is so funny. I never would have pegged you for a Pisces.
 All that’s left to do is stare into each other’s eyes for four minutes without talking.
 You ready?
 And begin. This is kind of creepy.
 Sorry.
 Do you want to stop? I know you have trouble with eye contact.
 Aw, sweetie, I’m comfortable around you, too.
 I meant more like a little brother.
 It’s getting creepy again.
 Just thinking about the day I met you and Leonard.
 Can you believe it’s been eight years?
 I can’t remember a time you guys weren’t in my life.
 That’s it. That wasn’t so bad.
 Well, maybe. But I’m still glad we did it. I do feel closer to you.
 Like what?
 I just want to make sure you get there safe.
 It really has.
 Again, it was miniature golf.
 You can’t be this proud.
 Because I beat you.
 Hi.
 Okay.
 This is why I’ve been saying we should keep champagne on ice.
 Yes.
 Mm-hmm.
 Aw, is this your first time?
 Well, why?
 You went to the dirty store without me?
 Well, get it. Get it for me.
 Yeah.
 Okay, did you go to the dirty store or Michaels?
 Whoa, that’s kind of a big step for a guy who only recently agreed to take his socks off.
 No. No, come on, I want to do it.
 Yeah, let’s you, me, and your very, very pale feet make some art. Hey, when you got back to this store, I want to go with you.
 So what do you think?
 I’m not even sure why we were out of breath. Uh, I mean, did we move at all?
 Okay, come on. We are not old boring people. We can do better than this.
 Almost 1am.
 Yeah, is it a comedy? Is it a drama? Nobody knows. Now, come on. We are gonna do this.
 How did you get paint in your eye?
 We sure did.
 Sweetie, I beat you at this, too.
 What? Are you kidding? We’re not hanging it.
 And our butts. Not hanging it.
 Yeah. We could give it to Sheldon, and tell him William Shatner painted it.
 I mean, who even reads Scientific American?
 If it’s such a big deal, how come the biggest celebrity they could get for the cover is a molecule?
 I’m sorry. What can I do?
 No, no. I’m gonna cheer you up. Here we go.
 I am taking you shopping.
 My baby is sad, and I’m gonna make him happy again.
 Well, what about this helicopter you control with an iPad?
 It does have a camera in it.
 You know, for an extra four bucks, I can have this thing here tomorrow.
 You know what? I did it. What’s four bucks?
 Well, didn’t he do a lot of the work?
 And that’s why you get an iPad helicopter.
 I know, I know.
 Wow, it looks really pretty in here.
 Hey.
 All right, hey, you two, we’re here for Howard right now, okay?
 This food is amazing.
 Oh, so it’s like The View.
 Shut up.
 Wait, who’s Tor?
 Okay, new salon topic. Salons, dumb thing from a long time ago or interesting thing made dumb by talking about superheroes? Discuss.
 Guys.
 Guys, if I wanted to hear people be bitchy, I’d go to my real salon.
 I don’t think I’ve eaten that much in my entire life.
 Shut up.
 Yay.
 Yay.
 You know, when they chase you out of there, you only have to run faster than Sheldon.
 PRK?
 You still worried some Berkeley girl is gonna steal him away?
 Sure. Oh, we had one of these growing up. I used to play all the time.
 Oh, I meant beer pong.
 So when do you guys think you’re gonna move in?
 Bernadette, for every episode of Doctor Who Leonard has made me sit through, I will play on your behalf and send that TARDIS back to Gallifrey, where I hate that I know it belongs.
 Yeah, it’s also like when the Mountain fought the Red Viper in Game of Thrones.
 No, no, I like that show. It’s got dragons and people doing it.
 Sorry, he’s really good.
 Wow.
 Hey.
 I care. Oh, wait, no, I don’t. Good luck, Raj.
 Whoa.
 It’s in your purse. Play.
 Oh, it’s cool, I’ve never been on a podcast before.
 Those are Star Trek people.
 I only figured that out because I’ve never heard of any of them.
 Sorry.
 Yeah, so, how many people listen?
 What? A few thousand people listen to you talk about nerd stuff?
 I think I started to suspect it was a bad movie when I looked at the script and saw the title, Serial Ape-ist 2
 Okay, well, I’ll apologize for the first time, but the other nine are on you.
 Really?
 Hey, Kevin. It’s really exciting to talk to you.
 Oh, wow. I wish it was better.
 Aw.
 Seriously?
 Oh, my, I would love that.
 Well, maybe I can do both.
 I don’t think I asked you.
 What is the harm if I audition?
 I don’t know, I make a movie, become rich and famous, win an Oscar, a Golden Globe and live an incredibly wonderful life.
 Thanks a lot.
 Okay, instead of protecting me, why don’t you try being excited when something good happens?
 Decent? I make twice what you make.
 Yeah.
 Well, how much do you owe? Maybe I can help you out.
 In a safe place.
 No, it means a diversified portfolio of stocks and bonds. I’m not overly conservative. I’m young, so my guy said I can afford to take some risks.
 Don’t you have a guy?
 Oh, sweetie, you should really get some money.
 Leonard, why are you making such a big deal out of this? So our roles have changed a bit over the last couple years. This is the way life is. And I’m sure in time they’ll change again.
 Okay, look, would it make you feel better if I did something dumb like sneak out of work one day to go audition for a Kevin Smith movie?
 (Knock, knock, knock) Sheldon. (Knock, knock, knock) Sheldon. (Knock, knock, knock) Sheldon.
 Yeah, I kind of want to do it again.
 Uh, no, I actually came to talk to you.
 No, no. It’s about my acting career.
 Well.
 Okay, look, here’s the thing. I like pharmaceutical sales, it’s going great, but I have an audition for a movie, and if I get it, it could screw everything up.
 Well, why?
 You’re really not gonna tell me?
 Okay. Sheldon, let me ask you a question.
 If I was at a train station and one train could take me to my current job and the other train could take me to an audition for a movie, which train should I get on?
 No.
 Oh. You’re right. I’m worried about something that hasn’t even happened yet. Huh. You are a wise man.
 Oh, I guess you’re right. Maybe it is the person who asks.
 I’m sorry. What was I thinking?
 ‘Cause I already know what he’ll say. Wah, wah, wah, you shouldn’t do it.
 Okay, it’s just an audition. Why am I nervous? Maybe it’s a good thing. Just means I want it. And I can have it. This feels right. Why did I ever give this up? (Out loud) I’m starting to remember.
 Oh, hey.
 Yeah, uh, I got a job as a pharmaceutical sales rep.
 Well, kind of. But now I get to act like inflamed heart is only a mild side effect.
 Yeah, it’s going okay, but I do miss this sometimes.
 Mmm.
 Yeah. I started that rumour.
 I mean, the whole experience reminded me about how much I hated about that world. You, you know, the anxiety, the depression, the negativity. I don’t want to feel those things. I want to sell drugs to people who feel those things.
 I did. I mean, I walked in, read for the part, then stunk up the place, but then I walked right out.
 I do, and you know, I don’t think I’ve ever thanked you properly for helping me get it.
 Well, thank you. You’re a good friend, and you changed my life.
 Sure.
 Okay.
 All right.
 I, uh, huh.
 Uh, yeah, I just need to throw in a few last minute things, you know, makeup, underwear, clothes.
 Oh, I pack light. Once, I got through an entire spring break with nothing but a long T-shirt and a belt.
 It’s called an evening look. I’ve never been to New Jersey before.
 So it’s not really like that?
 You think we’ll have time to visit your mom over there?
 What?
 Well, can we get on another airline?
 So, that’s it? We’re not going?
 Well, that sucks.
 Oh. You could tell it to me.
 Are you sure? I could pretend I’m a high school cheerleader who can’t control herself around esteemed alumni.
 Ooh.
 Hi.
 I got you a little something to cheer you up.
 Just open it.
 Because you are giving your commencement speech.
 I called your old high school and convinced them to let you give your speech over Skype.
 Yeah, now about those, uh, they came from a costume shop, and all they had left was sexy graduate, so they might be a little short.
 Yeah.
 What’s taking so long?
 Just let me see. Sweetie, you know you’re supposed to wear clothes underneath a graduation gown.
 Oh. Well, you do.
 Yeah. You’re gonna be on Skype, they’re not gonna see your legs.
 Add a belt and I’ll take you some place nice.
 Oh. Hello. I, I didn’t know he was gonna point it at me, so, don’t do drugs and stay in school.
 Okay, bye.
 I’ll, I’ll tell you later.
 Oh, sweetie, it was the best speech I…
 Leonard, what time does your mom’s plane get in?
 Don’t you want to know for sure?
 Aw, it’s so nice. She’s gonna love it.
 You know, your mom’s never been too thrilled with our relationship. Maybe I should get her something so she warms up to me.
 Really? It didn’t work for you.
 Hey, sorry, got caught up at work. Hi, Beverly.
 Sorry, I forgot.
 Oh, yes. Hi, Mary.
 Ah, yeah, now that’s what I’m talking about.
 Oh, yeah, let me show you the ring.
 Really doesn’t matter to me how much he spent on the ring. I think.
 We’re not in a rush. We’ll set a date when the time is right.
 Hey, look at that. You both believe in Jewish bearded guys.
 Mm-hmm.
 Why don’t we all stop hitting ourselves and talk about something safe, you know, like shoes or how cute little Chinese babies are.
 Yeah, and you certainly don’t have to earn my love.
 Of course, you already knew that when you bought me this princess-cut drill bit.
 I know, I know. Zzzzzzzz.
 Well, come on now, she did kind of start it.
 Yeah, me, too.
 It’s okay, go ahead.
 Oh, my God.
 Well, now we know, next time we go to the farmers’ market, the order is petting zoo first, then buy vegetables.
 Oh, your buddy got mugged by some baby farm animals.
 Mmm. So what do you need help with?
 Okay. Were you talking before she got upset?
 That’s probably it. What’d you say to her?
 And that made her angry?
 Well, Sheldon, when you’re kissing a girl, she expects the attention to be on her.
 Yeah. I’m tapping out. Leonard?
 Wait, what is wrong with you two? He was talking about television during their date night.
 Okay, see, that’s even dumber than you wondering if being bitten by a goat would give you the powers of a goat.
 Thanks for cooking.
 That carrot was delicious.
 Still haven’t heard from her?
 Hey, I don’t think she’s wrong about you going too slow in the relationship.
 Yeah, you’ve been going out for years. You haven’t even slept together.
 Uh, hello.
 No. Sheldon, we’re getting married.
 Well, we will. We’re just not in a rush.
 Yeah, it’s just, things are good right now.
 I’m focusing on my job.
 So busy.
 Yeah.
 You know, I can see why Amy’s mad at you.
 You know why.
 Not in a rush, busy with work…
 Really good.
 Oh, my God. Yes. Why would you even ask that?
 Well, you want a date, pick a date.
 Okay, indoor it is. Big or small?
 I doubt it.
 All right, well, I want it in a church.
 Fine. I want to release butterflies.
 Sounds perfect.
 Stay out of it.
 No, it’s okay.
 Uh, Sheldon, I think we’re good for now.
 Here we go again. Why is everyone so concerned with us setting a date? We’re committed to each other. We’re happy. A ceremony isn’t gonna change anything.
 Ew, 50? We’ll be old and gross.
 Um, I’m free tonight.
 Vegas isn’t that far away.
 Oh, thank you.
 Wow, there’s a Denny’s in Vegas you can actually get married in.
 Yeah, but we could get heart-shaped pancakes.
 Yeah. This is crazy.
 Maybe. But this isn’t about them, it’s about us.
 And you know what the best part is? We took our time. I mean, we met, we were friends for a couple years, then we got together, and then we got untogether, then we worked out all our problems, and now we know everything about each other, we can just go forward with no surprises and no regrets.
 And no regrets.
 What?
 What?
 Yeah.
 No, you told me.
 What did you do?
 And then what?
 All right.
 Nope, never.
 You know, can I ask you a question?
 Why are you telling me this now?
 Really? Because to me, it seems like we’re about to get married and you’re trying to sabotage it.
 No, I don’t want there to be secrets between us.
 Uh, keep your mouth off other women.
 Okay.
 Look, I’m not happy this happened, but I think I can get past it. I mean, we weren’t engaged at the time, and it was just kissing.
 Just kissing.
 Okay, that’s enough. Stop talking.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Ha-ha, don’t push it.

