 Nice to see you again, Dr. Hofstadter. I’m, uh, Leonard’s friend, Stuart.
 Hi, I’m Stuart.
 Oh. Oh, hi. Uh, I’m sorry, did you two want to sit together?
 I was wondering why the front row was available.
 Really, I can move.
 That’s beautiful.
 Oh, you should go. It’s terrific. I really thrive anywhere the women and the temperature are over 90.
 It’s nice you and Bernadette are getting away.
 So then what are you doing here buying comic books?
 What are you doing here?
 Did they?
 I had nothing else to do tonight. The last couple of months, I come here when I know they’re not home.
 They heard me in the bushes once, but they thought I was a raccoon.
 Thank you.
 To Howard and Bernadette, and the house key they never asked me to return.
 Not great. The electricity’s out.
 I called, and they’re like, pay your bill.
 Oh, no. I don’t want to be an inconvenience. You’ve got all your lady friends, and…
 What? When did that happen?
 Oh. Sorry. I didn’t know.
 So you’re back out on the dating scene now?
 Oh, that must be fun. How’s that going?
 I don’t know. Bernadette’s baby doesn’t have a Jacuzzi jet hitting just the right spot.
 Yeah, you’re probably right.
 Yeah, just give me a minute.
 Well, you know how you’re wearing a bathing suit?
 I kind of went the other way.
 Hey, guys.
 These are for you.
 Nice to meet you.
 So, what did I miss?
 Anybody else coming to this thing?
 Really, no one else is coming?
 Practice round? For-for what?
 So, I’m like a lab rat before your real friends come over?
 You know what, I, I, I think I’m just gonna go.
 No, I consider you and Sheldon like my family, and I’m not even sure you think of me as a friend. You have any idea how that feels?
 I’m always the last one anybody thinks of.
 Bye.
 Thank you.
 Hmm?
 Thank you for noticing.
 You know what I love about you?
 You never leave the house without a paper clip.
 I also love how you never use swear words.
 Oh. Just homemade coupons for things you might need help with before the baby gets here. Going to the grocery store, driving you to the doctor, if you’re not in a hurry I can dig you a koi pond.
 And that’s not me being creepy, that’s for either of you.
 Oh, yeah. Uh, now that you mention it, can I live here?
 Or is that why this is a great time? Think about it, when that baby comes you’re gonna need all the help you can get.
 That woman didn’t get heat rash once with me on powder patrol.
 Thank you. And it’s only temporary, just till I get back on my feet, or the baby goes off to college, whichever happens first.
 Well, uh, my car broke down in your driveway, so I’m gonna say now. But I am ready to be helpful. In fact, I’m gonna go vacuum.
 Okay, then I’ll dust.
 Then I’ll check the batteries in the smoke detectors.
 You guys relax, I’ll get it. Have some bread while it’s still warm.
 Hey, Raj.
 Oh, I’m living here again.
 No, I needed a place to stay and, with the baby coming, I figured they could use some extra help.
 Anyway, come on in, dinner’s ready.
 Oh, okay. Well, if Bernadette wants her ankles to swell up even more, she can have that.
 Oh, I know a CPR instructor who’ll come to the house.
 I’ll give him a call. We met when I was sleeping on the beach and he thought I was dead.
 You just kick back and relax, I’ve got it all under control.
 I’m sorry, you mumbled something?
 Well, you know what they say, it takes a village.
 I noticed the village couldn’t find time to put the crib together.
 You mean the one with the empty beer bottles in the sandbox? We’ll pass, thank you.
 Hey, what’s up?
 Ooh, sorry, I already did it.
 Oh, yeah, I read about that on WhoGivesACrap.com
 Because I love Howard and Bernadette and if I want to keep mooching off them, I need to be helpful.
 Why can’t there be four wheels?
 Look, just come in and help me build a baby swing.
 If you’re hungry you can eat your take-out, nobody touched it.
 Although the high contrast of zebra stripes might provide better stimulus for a developing baby.
 Good choice, boss.
 I’ll do it.
 Why do you get to do it? I’m the artist.
 Just because I look sickly doesn’t mean I’m starving.
 I’ll get the hospital bag.
 Meet you outside in 2 minutes.
 Are we hugging or having a baby? Let’s go.
 Let’s pick it up.
 Aren’t we supposed to get here an hour and a half early?
 You’re doing great.
 You told me it was a girl, and I didn’t say it.
 Oh, yeah. I guess it is hard.
 I’m not an old man, I just can’t see at night.
 All right, hang on. If you see any pedestrians, just call ’em out.
 Sorry. I thought these were room ice chips. I’ll go get some more.
 Okay.
 Hmm. You two got married.
 Howard went to space.
 What’s your problem?
 Raj, if it’s any consolation, I’m no better off than I was ten years ago.
 Hey, I’m in a hospital and I’m not the patient. I’m fine.
 Hey. Still a loser or did you turn things around while you were gone?
 Uh, yeah, I got something. Raj, not everybody could be a dog owner. Oh, what? Did your doggie break up with you too?
 Hello.
 I don’t understand how that turns into the worst fight of your life.
 Oh, I just talked to her. I’ve been told the sound of my voice puts people to sleep.
 Oh, thank you for asking. Uh, I, uh, went to visit my grandmother. She’s in Bakersfield. Uh, usually my brother and sister go… oh come on.
 Don’t worry about Halley. Uncle Stuart’s on the job.
 My apologies. I didn’t mean to offend you, Don Corleone.
 Okay, instead of arguing all night, let’s just split up the baby chores.
 Hang up, we don’t need help.
 It says Tuesday.
 You’re wasting perfectly good milk.
 It’s just milk.
 Hmm. So we just throw this away?
 Well, I don’t take it black.
 She was sleeping just fine till you took a selfie with her.
 Wait. She’s settling down.
 Panels. Just wanted to be included.
 Okay, I can give you 20 bucks for the whole box.
 I know. And I did it with a straight face.
 Well, all right. I’ll give you 25 bucks. That’s my best offer.
 You know, if you want to make extra money, I could throw some work your way.
 Great, you’re hired. First thing you can do is put price tags on these. Start the little ones at fifty.
 Um, I also take care of Halley.
 I do, ma’am, thank you, ma’am.
 I would.
 I’ll go with you.
 Not on my watch.
 And if my heart stops, just let me go.
 Come on, I’ll get you some sheets. Then I’ll see if I can beat my high score on the blood pressure machine.
 If you’re looking for spare change, I already cleaned it out.
 Me, either. I’m in a bedroom and you’re on a couch. I’m actually winning.
 Okay, listen to me. There is no reason to leave here. This is great. Everyone’s nice. It’s comfortable. If all goes according to plan, this is my retirement home.
 Better than I feel in their steam shower? I don’t think so.
 Good for you. This sandwich has six dollars worth of ham in it.
 Hey, look, I went to art college, I tried to make it as a graphic artist, a comic book artist, and you know what I got for my efforts? A visible rib cage. I’m not kidding. You could see my heart beating.
 Oh, great, it’ll be easier for you to look up at the stars without a roof over your head.
 Me, either. Don’t want to be a burden. Hey, is that the baby? I’ll go check.
 Halley’s fine.
 And she’s having the time of her life.
 Hey, that’s no way to talk about your baby.
 Hey.
 Oh, thanks again for letting me use your laptop last night.
 Was just doing my taxes.
 Actually, if I could, if I could just check one more…
 You’re a good woman. What you working on?
 Oh, that’s right, maternity leave’s almost over. Ah, you excited?
 That’s great, good for you.
 Ah, of course she is.
 It is. I went to check it out, and they are very cautious about letting strange men with no kids peek in the windows.
 Uh, other than burp you or give you a bottle, I don’t know what to do right now.
 Well, don’t you think it’d be healthier if you told him what’s going on with you?
 Your secret is safe with me.
 Yeah, well, I felt bad about upsetting you this morning. And to be honest, I’m not the biggest fan of your meatloaf.
 I can’t do it. They have a picture of me on file now.
 Why don’t you think she’s fine? She sounds fine, she looks fine. If I saw her on the street I’d say, damn, that girl’s fine.
 Ah, hello.
 Well, nope, not a word.
 No, but I did mention it to my therapist.
 Well, what have you done that would upset her?
 Well, why don’t you just start with the worst thing?
 And?
 That’s terrible.
 Oh Howard.
 I said that to you in confidence.
 You leave her with me, and I’m not any of those things.
 Not a good idea. My hair is a coveted nesting material.
 Told you we should have gone to Legoland.
 Chicken. Birds mess with my hair, I come back hard.
 It might be good for her. Howard’s mother was around him all the time, and he’s a world-class mama’s boy.
 Go ahead, have a tantrum, that’ll prove me wrong.
 On that charming note, dinner is served.
 Yep, all in the bag.
 Bye, cutie. I’m gonna miss you. I’m gonna be waiting right here tonight when you get home.
 At least Halley’s not.
 How is she?
 Can’t a guy hang out at a college he doesn’t go to and stare at a baby that isn’t his?
 Is it weird if we just stand here and watch her all day?
 Yeah. Or we could take her to the aquarium.
 Hang on, Halley, we’re busting you out of there.
 Guess who’s home from day care?
 Any time.
 I’ll do it.
 So? Doctors like me. Whenever I see mine he calls in a bunch of other doctors to have a look.
 Oh. Well, her loss. I’ve been called a genuine medical oddity.
 Excuse me. They took out my spleen and gallbladder, not my feelings.

