Really, you're going to answer that right now?
I'm sorry?
Sheldon...
But you did ask my father?
Because you're on the phone!
We're engaged.
Okay, you can stop leading with that part of the
story.
Well, I'm sad you're leaving. Why'd you only book a
flight for one day?
But I said yes, so I get a lifetime of
this.
Why don't you stay a few extra days?
We'll get you some.
Well, there's a comic book store less than a mile
from here.
Oh, um, and I'm having dinner with some colleagues tonight.
I'm sure they'd love to meet you.
Come on, what do you say?
Is that a yes or a no?
Sheldon, these are the heads of my research team.
Dr. Zane, Dr. Harris, this is my fiancé, Dr. Sheldon
Cooper. That's the first time I've said that and it
kind of gave me the goose bumps.
Sheldon's a physicist.
Oh, well, I guess it didn't stink. But if it
did, that rat wouldn't have known it.
Really, they were rude?
You know, these are my colleagues and they want to
talk about my work. Why does that bother you so
much?
You know what, Sheldon? You're not always the smartest person
in every room. You may not even be the smartest
person in this room.
I'm storming off to my room.
Well, you're so smart, why don't you figure it out?
I'm listening.
I believe that. But I don't think that's something you
needed to say to me.
Thank you, Sheldon.
Okay, please stop talking about the Avengers.
Sheldon, I know this isn't easy, but you'll have a
whole lifetime to practice.
You just want to go back because that's where everybody
makes a fuss over you.
I-Is that the woman who kissed Sheldon?
Excuse me for a minute.
Dr. Nowitzki?
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Maybe you should offer it to the pregnant lady.
Okay, sounds like he's back on track.
Oh, boy.
Oh, one second.
I know. The university has been throwing money at my
study. With any luck, there'll be a brain disease with
my name on it.
Actually, I haven't told him about it. We've been getting
so much more funding than physics, he's been a little
sensitive.
I know. Am I terrible?
That's such a relief. I mean, part of me was
worried I was being unfair to Sheldon.
Hi.
Huh. Looks like you've been busy.
Wow, you solved them all?
Is this about what Leonard said on the radio?
We could talk about my day.
Well, since you sort of asked, I actually had a
very good day. Got some new equipment for my lab.
The more I told him about my lab, the pissier
he got. You know what he said to me? He
said, "I hope all your correlations turn out to be
specious."
Has he ever called you to tell you he found
three peanuts in one shell? Because Sheldon has.
I guess we can brag to each other.
Damn right it is; I came up with it. That
felt good.
I just got a brand-new, state of the art fMRI
machine.
I know. Sometimes, I just lie down in there and
take a nap. Oh. It's like a million dollar bunk
bed.
That's great. I-I don't have assistants.
Yeah, you've got that. I've got my integrity. Hard to
say which is better without making you feel bad.
I may not make as much money as you, but
at least I know that I'm actually doing something that
makes people's lives better.
You're right. We both do important work. I'm trying to
map the structures of the brain, and you're trying to
convince people that itchy hair is a real thing.
I'm just saying that my research may actually change the
world forever.
I thought we agreed on June 15.
You wanna bet?
No!
We just need a weekend date that's completely boring and
uneventful.
Good morning. I know today is Apple Jacks day, but...
we're all out.
Really?
"Whatev"? I like this side of you.
So, you guys lived with Sheldon for a long time...
Thanks. So, it's strange, Sheldon was talking in his sleep
last night, and he seemed like a totally different person.
He was relaxed and... loose and calm.
He said "whatev."
Well, I think the wedding planning is really stressful for
him, and that can trigger sleep talking.
Really? What do you dream about?
Well, as much as we've studied the brain, there's still
a lot we don't know about dreams and their function.
You know, even psychologists are divided on it.
Hi.
What's wrong?
That's terrific!
Sheldon, you were 16.
And it's in the past.
Sheldon... I appreciate you trying to make this wedding perfect,
but it's making you miserable.
Well, they've already arranged to die in threes-- what more
do you want from them?
I'm just saying maybe there's a part of you deep
down that... just wants to relax a little, you know?
Kick back. Say, "Whatev."
I-I'm just trying to make a point...
Fine. Er. Er, er, er.
No. I'm worried he'll say I violated his privacy. Listen
how happy he sounds.
Nothing.
It is you. I recorded you in your sleep.
It's you.
Sheldon, I'm sorry. You've been doing this every night. I
couldn't help but wonder if it meant something.
Are you sure? I mean, the prefrontal cortex regulates impulse
control. So it's plausible that when we're asleep, aspects of
our personality that we repress might come out.
Hey.
Good for you. Oh, my God, what happened?!
Can I just ask...?
Apple juice?
Okay. I-I'm sorry. Is there anything I can do to
help?
Are you sure that's what you want?
I love you.
You know, ever since I was a young girl, I-I've
dreamed of a June wedding, maybe on a cliff overlooking
the ocean at sunset.
Don't you want a little version of Howard?
Sheldon, we're helping our friends.
Hello.
Sure. What's up?
Okay... I'm pretty sure they're not best friends. Because you
can only have one best friend. And Penny has that,
and it's me.
Hmm. Well, I have been pretty busy lately. Maybe I've
been neglecting our friendship. LEONARD
And with everything going on at the lab and planning
the wedding, I just, I have so little free time.
I mean, she must feel so abandoned. She's used to
me being there all the time, but now I have
my own life, and she's just gonna have to accept
it.
I mean, the real question is
I deserve my own life!
Good talk.
See, he gets Ewoks in his bed.
You've got Chewbacca; that's enough.
Well, at work we've been doing some interesting research with
neuroprosthetics.
We've been working on a computer interface that can use
brain wave patterns to control robotic limbs, but we're having
a little trouble localizing the signal from the EEG cap.
Actually, that never occurred to me.
You know, I could use an engineer on this project.
So, Howard, are you interested?
I know. On our expense report, I listed it as
"Eduardo," my Colombian lab assistant.
Yes. We are using it to map brain wave patterns
and then converting them into electrical impulses that can be
used to control anything from wheelchairs to robots.
Hi. What a nice surprise.
Well, everything's going really great.
What's with the blinking?
Sheldon, I don't know Morse code.
Hi.
Great. Howard had an idea for...
Oh. Well, that sounds nice.
Sheldon, that is the sweetest, most... What... what is this?
I just got home, I'm tired.
Sheldon, I want to work on this with you, just
not tonight. What if we get up early and do
it in the morning? I promise, I'll be way more
into it.
Fine, but can we make it quick?
Oh. That's impressive.
gasps ) Oh my God-- three of clubs. That was
my card! How did you...?
So, how much longer till we can test it?
Sounds like we've earned ourselves a break.
You know, that's your greatest magic trick, because you just
read my mind.
I love, I love, I love my calendar girl. Yeah,
sweet calendar girl. I love, I love, I love my
calendar girl. Each and every day of the year. January
You start the year all fine...
Hi.
You just asked him to go to the movies.
That'd be amazing.
Oh, that's Sheldon. Oh, he's upset with Leonard and Penny.
And Bernadette. And Mark Twain.
Well, I guess we have been working late a lot.
Should we call it a night and go home?
I don't know, it's getting kind of late. Hey, where's
my watch?
Oh, my God. How is that even possible?!
Don't make jokes. He meant a lot to Sheldon.
It would be nice if they cast a woman.
Okay, you ready?
Why would you be enraged?
Okay. And... rolling.
Hang on. I have a question. Do you have any
experiments that aren't life-threatening? SHELDON
Well, I already told him that I loved it, but
if you found it confusing or dangerous or-- I don't
know-- three to four times too long, now is the
time to share.
Well, what was wrong with it? You know, did you
find it... borderline psychotic? I mean, I liked that about
it, but... you guys discuss.
Is it Sheldon?
Hey, how you doing?
Oh, I just came by, you know, to see if
you need any help.
That is not entirely true. So did Leonard and... everybody.
We don't think you're irresponsible. We think you're... fun-loving.
Hmm. You might be more on the ball than we
thought.
No, I'm at your office and you're not here. I
thought I'd surprise you with dinner.
Where are you?
Well, I have food. I thought we could eat together,
but I guess if you have other plans... SHELDON
Hey.
What you got there?
Did some mean boys throw it at you?
What's going on?
Is that other person me, and does it happen in
the bedroom, in which case I think I'm cool with
it?
Geology?
Sheldon, you've never cared what people thought, even when you
really, really should. That dinner with my parents comes to
mind.
I'm just saying, if you think the work is interesting,
nothing else should matter.
Nope.
Hi.
Isn't he sexy all fired up? He really gets my
current alternating, if you know what I mean.
Is your current still alternating?
We're lucky there aren't any elephants in here.
What do you want to watch?
Okay, how about comedy?
I know. It was when I stubbed my toe.
Drama?
It really hurt, Sheldon!
What's going on?
Well, you are building on their work and taking the
credit for it. That's a classic Edison move.
I honestly don't know.
I do. Yours.
I don't think what they called you is the point
here.
Do you know the name of any neuroscientist?
Not me?
Sheldon, I don't think you're upset because of what kind
of scientist they said you're like. I think you're upset
because your friend' feelings got hurt.
Sheldon, I don't think...
Well, if it helps, you all behaved terribly and you
deserve what you got.
Didn't Tesla die penniless, forgotten and insane?
Great. Although, we're having trouble agreeing on a location.
We were, but Sheldon didn't like any of them. Some
were too beachy, some were too cliffy.
Is that why there's an Elaine Dwyer on our guest
list?
I think you should.
Excuse me, waitress.
Can you take our picture, please?
Thank you. You may go now. It was nice to
meet you, and I mean that politely, not sincerely.
I need to prove to my mother that I'm on
a date. If she thinks I faked the picture, I
might need you as a witness. What's your name?
Right, and he wiped his nose on your cape, and
then you were the saddest Darth Vader.
Sheldon, what did you do?
What was the lesson?
Yeah, it's so nice to have a relaxing evening at
home doing nothing.
Well, tonight we're gonna make you forget all that.
Really? From me? I would love to...
I think you'd be great at that. Don't you agree,
Bernadette?
Yeah, you just need to pick something that-that you feel
confident in.
Yeah, you have to believe in yourself.
Come on, first dance! Come on, first dance! Oh!
Thanks for your input, but this is my decision, and
I'm gonna go with... Old English calligraphy on Egyptian papyrus.
Your turn. Ring bearer! Oh. Boy, I'm so glad that
R2-D2 is still available.
You know, this is really fun. I can't believe that
people say that planning a wedding is one of the
most stressful things in life.
I arrive in a Little House on the Prairie style
horse-drawn buggy.
Do you think that might be jarring, going from wholesome
pioneers to space Nazis?
It's not what I'm thinking, and to save you the
trouble for the future, it will never be what I'm
thinking.
Great. Then the ushers will be... my cousins dressed in
frontier frock coats.
All right. Then our... second dance will be the first
dance.
Well, if we're changing things, then instead of throwing confetti,
we'll release butterflies.
Fine. Wedding toasts in Latin.
Then I'm changing the flower girl to a dog. And
guess what he'll be scattering instead of petals!
Sheldon, please stop. If we keep doing this, we're gonna
end up with a wedding that neither one of us
will enjoy.
No, of course I do. But that seems to be
the one thing we can agree on. Maybe we should
just get married at City Hall and forget about everything
else.
Right. And if we're not enjoying planning this wedding, then
what's the point?
So let's pick a day and just go do it.
R-Really? That soon?
Tomorrow we'll go downtown and get married.
Okay, Sheldon, you officially exceeded the number of times I
hoped to hear the word "syphilis" on my wedding day.
I can't believe we're doing this.
Okay, but of the two of tho... You know, I'm
not even gonna ask. I'm not gonna ask.
I'm really not. I'm here with you. It's perfect.
Can you believe it? We're about to walk in that
door, Dr. Cooper and Dr. Fowler, and walk out as
a married couple, Dr. Cooper and Dr. Fowler.
Right here?
Th-This is our wedding.
Well... Sheldon, it was just making us fight.
Sheldon.
Okay, I think you're getting caught up on the ways
I'm not like dark matter.
It is.
Me, too. Let's go plan a wedding.
What are you thinking?
Let's do it.
Should we go congratulate him?
Here's some constructive criticism
To the car.
Did the electricity go out?
Oh, you did, you did! It's perfect! You do know
that my birthday's tomorrow, right?
I can't believe you did this. It's amazing!
Loud and clear.
Oh, I'm starving.
Is that butter?
I know we only have coitus on my birthday, but
I don't know if I can wait until midnight.
No, thanks. I think I'm good.
That might taste better. I think I'm just gonna go
over here and sit on the couch.
Ooh.
Okay.
Hold on a second. Is it getting hot in here?
No, I-I'm serious. Do you think there was something wrong
with that food?
My stomach's feeling a little weird.
No. Th-This doesn't feel right.
Sheldon? I'll be out in a minute.
I don't have a minute!
Yeah, sure.
No. You?
Feel any better?
How can you even think about s?x?
You think you can do it while I lie perfectly
still and you don't touch me?
What?
You afraid it's gonna go good?
Ugh. My stomach aches, I got the chills, my mouth
tastes weird, it hurts to swallow, and I've got a
little double vision.
Hi.
Oh, a little better.
It is.
We are. And there's no one in that bounce house.
Hey, can you do me a favor? Can we try
to avoid talking to our friends tonight about our wedding
plans?
It's just, I haven't picked a maid of honor yet,
and I'm having trouble deciding between Penny and Bernadette.
Penny is my best friend, but I was Bernadette's maid
of honor, and I think she kind of expects it.
So if anyone brings it up tonight, just maybe you
can help me change the subject.
I don't know. They might see that coming. What if
we have a code word?
Okay, fine, catamaran. That's our code word.
Okay. Uh, pretzels. You hear me say pretzels, you change
the subject.
What? Oh, I'm sorry. I thought we started.
Oh, she-she doesn't have to do that.
Sheldon, tell your funny story about pretzels.
Sheldon, what am I gonna do about my maid of
honor? I mean, Bernadette gave me all these bridal magazines.
She even folded down the pages with the good dresses.
Well, that is exactly the same thing. You really understand
my dilemma.
How are we gonna make these decisions without anybody getting
upset?
So we can hurt our friends' feelings without taking any
responsibility? Me likey. But how do we apply quantitative metrics
to something as subjective as choosing a wedding party?
You may not.
Okay, I see your point. So we break down each
of the roles into their component parts, and then design
specialized tests for each.
I agree. Who's gonna step up and handle it?
Penny?
I'm really impressed at how you handled that, Howard.
Oh, um... Sh-Sheldon was squatting down to pick up a
fork and he ripped his pants.
Penny gets 20 points for the sewing kit.
Well, she's still pulling a commanding lead.
She did. Amazon, standard shipping, not even Prime.
That's what she said.
I see your point. Okay, we are officially open to
a best woman and a gentleman of honor.
What am I being tested for?
Okay, what's the next test?
Well, I don't have any secrets from you. Do you
have secrets from me?
Would you call yourself a loyal and trustworthy friend?
Great. Because I need to tell you something about Howard,
but you can't tell him that I told you.
Okay. I respect your integrity.
Okay, getting to the ceremony on time.
Next test.
How well do our friends know us? So I was
talking to my favorite aunt...
Exactly.
Turns out it was a chocolate chip.
Yes, she does. Damn, you are a thoroughbred. You know,
dealing with cold feet is an important part of being
both best man and maid of honor. Maybe we should
test for that ability.
Actually, I was talking about you.
I have to say, this is going pretty well. It
is. I-If experimenting on humans is morally wrong, then I
don't want to be morally right.
No.
Okay, she's not my best friend. We're not 12. If
she wants Bernadette to be her maid of honor, I
really don't care.
So she still wants to be my maid of honor?
Maid of honor, hit woman, whatever you need. Make the
call.
Look, I know this is your wedding, and you can
do whatever you want, but if you think anyone but
me is gonna be your maid of honor, then you're
an idiot because you are my best friend.
Bestie!
I guess I should do that.
Although, as maid of honor, your job is to make
my life easier.
Oh, he's pushing when he should be pulling.
I can't find it. What does it say?
You know, while we're bragging, The Journal of Prosthetic Medicine
just wrote up the project that Howard and I are
working on.
Oh, it just came out. It's just a little blurb.
Okay, how do you want to play this? Do you
want to pretend like nothing's bothering you and blow up
later, or do you just want to be a maniac
right now?
Fine. Be that way. If you want to talk, I'll
be flushing my sinuses.
Well, I think I speak for everyone when I say,
"No!"
Well, maybe this is the perfect opportunity to take some
time for yourself and refocus. I'm sure you'll find something
you're excited about.
Hey, can I stay here? Sheldon kicked me out.
Thanks. I'll be right with you. I just have to,
uh, do my neti pot. So what are you guys
gonna watch?
Should we put on safety goggles?
Hello.
Yeah, Sheldon said he needed another night to work, so
I said I'd give him some space.
We're making hot ice.
Nice one.
Do you remember any of your high school projects?
Girls like you are why I had to come straight
home after school.
I won first place for this.
Oh, we can come up with a wave speed formula,
and see how accurately we can predict the amplitude.
Hey, uh, you want to watch that show you like
where people want to buy a house and then they
do?
All right!
This is fun.
Playing with Popsicle sticks, exploring ways to store kinetic energy.
It's like preschool all over again.
Hey, can I ask you a question?
It wasn't, but I'm glad to see you've moved on.
I was gonna ask if being married felt any different.
No, actually it is. I mean, Sheldon and I are
in a really great place right now, and I just,
I don't want anything to mess that up.
Yes. His work is important to him. It's one of
the things I find the sexiest about him. Well, that
and... Aah! ...his butt.
What?
Hi.
What you doing?
It's fun to see you this excited.
What, what?
Okay. Um, how about if I just... slide this notebook...
You know what, it's fine. I'll just be in the
bedroom.
Well, that's very considerate, Sheldon.
Y-You mean empathy?
Well, regardless, I-I appreciate the effort.
Sheldon? Oh, Leonard.
What did he do now?
Penny and I have the same "You're crazy" look? That's
kind of sweet.
Well, if it gets to be too much, you can
always send him back over here.
Well, actually, I miss him. He's been over there a
lot.
I can't. He's thinking of me and my feelings and
trying to be respectful.
Hey, your mad look and Sheldon's constipated look are the
same.
Hey, what are you doing? I thought we were having
dinner at Leonard and Penny's.
So, you're just gonna sit here by yourself and do
nothing?
Well, you can't criticize something you haven't seen.
Well, what if I watch it with you? Maybe I
won't like it and we can complain about it together.
Oh, trust me, I've got one. Look, at least if
you watch it, maybe you can find more specific things
to criticize.
See, there was a reason to keep that TurboTax CD.
Do you feel bad you told Wil Wheaton that you'd
be his enemy if he did this show?
Well, he is an astronaut. And he didn't start an
online petition to get Wil fired.
Well, because he probably worried that you'd be a big
baby about it.
Hi. What's up?
Is it gonna be a news story where I have
to say you were quiet and kept to yourself and
I'm as shocked as anyone?
I'm all for promoting women in science, but I don't
really want to be on Wil's show.
Sure, that's the reason.
Okay, look, I know you have strong feelings about Professor
Proton, and I don't want to get in the middle
of that.
Well, it's tricky, because answering that question honestly is one
of the things I tend not to do because it
upsets you.
Like I said.
Remember last week when we went to that dueling piano
bar I was so excited about?
Well, now you're getting it.
Are you sure that's the move you want to make?
Okay. Checkmate.
What's going on?
You let me win so you could show me how
emotionally mature you are, didn't you?
I know you don't.
Thank you.
Got it.
And you can feel that pleasure because you don't have
a lesion in your nucleus accumbens.
Oily scalp.
And I'm proud of you.
No, no, no. I can. But I can tell how
hard you're trying to keep it in.
I'm gonna go to bed.
Love you.
Hey, guys.
Oh, should I ask?
I'm trying to get our grant proposal together. Any chance
you've finished up those mechanical drawings?
What are they talking about?
Watched La La Land?
Well, I don't want you to leave Bernadette alone.
I don't know. Why?
I'm sorry this is on such short notice.
That's okay. It's more important that you spend time with
Michael.
Uh, your son?
Okay, well, then, Bernadette's son.
What did you want to name him?
Well, it's a baby. Her dad's a wrinkly bald man.
That wasn't gonna break your way.
I think I got Bernadette in trouble. Maybe we should
go.
She doesn't want to play that.
What are you guys doing here?
Hey, Howard, you did that, right?
Sheldon, we're talking about something important here.
I've always liked the name Elliott.
I said it first.
Yes, it is. It's exactly like that. Dibs on Elliott.
Really? You've thought about our kids?
Two.
What?
No!
We weren't thinking about you.
What time is it?
Neil-- that's cute.
Hi.
Good news, we have save the date cards.
Oh, it's an MRI of our brains photoshopped to look
like they're kissing.
I know.
Hey, it took us nine months to pick a date,
and a week to decide if brains can have lips
on them, so get in the boat and row.
Yes, it's like that Shakespeare sonnet, "Shall I compare thee
to a day that's also a really weird math problem."
Well, we only have two months to find a venue,
and I had a thought. What about the Athenaeum club
at Caltech?
It's beautiful.
It's close.
And Albert Einstein was a member there.
So you're interested?
Well, that's odd. When I called, they said they'd be
excited to give us a tour.
Or, we pick a place we like, and don't worry
about Einstein.
Well, it seems kind of perfect, and it's close enough
to your office, so you can use the bathroom you
like.
Mm. I put a sticker over the auto-flush, so it
doesn't startle me.
I really like it.
Is that Leonard?
I mean, Leonard and Penny are right there.
I'm sure there's an innocent explanation that won't ruin my
day at all.
Then don't turn around.
I know you're upset, but if we want to book
the Athenaeum, we really should do it now, and then,
I promise, we'll have our whole lives to complain about
Leonard.
So do we agree? Do we want to get married
there?
Oh, I love it when you're folksy. I'm just gonna
call.
That's nice, it'll be your first petty act as a
married man. Uh-- oh, hi, Kathleen? Yeah, this is Amy
from earlier. I'd like to go ahead and reserve May
12.
Oh, I see. Okay, t-thanks. Someone booked our date.
Maybe Barry will change his mind.
Subpar?
Well, it took you nine months to choose that one.
I'll pick a different husband first.
That's not much of an apology.
He has the Athenaeum booked for our wedding date and
he won't give it up.
Oh, my gosh. That's amazing. How'd you get Barry to
change his mind?
What happened? Well, we scrubbed out some barrels of irradiated
grease, rinsed off in a safety shower and then told
Barry Kripke what is what.
And he just gave in?
Okay. No problem.
Well, that's reasonable.
What else did you agree to?
He is not singing at our wedding.
Guys, I appreciate everything you did, but we can find
another location that's just as good. Maybe the Japanese garden
or the planetarium.
If we don't do anything, how long do you think
they'll talk about Batman?
How did this happen?
Bernadette? Hi. Where you off to?
El parque?
How's that going?
Good?
No problem.
'Naners?
Sorry. Mom brain. I think I've forgot how to talk
to grown-ups. I meant Ba-naners.
You know what, I'm good.
So, what are we watching?
Isn't this a kids show?
You want to take a break and maybe get something
to eat?
Why does it not feel like we're going?
Happy to help.
Yes, you texted it to me at 3
No, no, I-it gave me something to watch while I
tried to go back to sleep.
Okay, well, I'm reading a pretty good book. It's the
untold story of female artists during the Renaissance.
All right, we can talk about something else.
Or maybe we can't.
Oh, don't worry about it. I mean, besides you cutting
up my meat for me, it was a lovely lunch.
"Woman"?
Don't be so hard on yourself. Pregnancy and childbirth actually
cause physical changes to the structure of your brain.
Well, these are positive changes. Studies with rats show that
new mothers are more sensitive to danger, better at multitasking
and bolder in the pursuit of food.
So that's what I was smelling. Look, even though your
brain is different, in many ways, it's better.
Of course not.
Which you can tell, because your maternal brain is better
at sensing nonverbal cues.
Look at you, two for two.
So you don't want to split a salad?
No.
I'm just gonna get the chicken.
And a whole bottle of wine.
Well, actually, I believe the Chinese may have invented the
sandwich. Their dish "rou jia mo" literally means "meat between
bread." So, it looks like all of us, including Penny,
are eating Chinese food.
And I think you're forgetting that there are written documents
of meat between bread being eaten in China during the
Tang dynasty.
Well, I would say when we go to bed, but
you talk in your sleep.
I don't want to talk about it when you're asleep.
How come we can't talk about it now?
Fine. How's your moo shu?
Too bad no one's around to hear it.
Just close the window if you don't like the smell.
So, there's something you like, but it's also driving you
crazy. Been there, doing it now.
So, go get one. I can't just give in to
every urge I have when I have it. That's why
I have a rigid schedule. It's bad enough I had
to give in to my urge to create a rigid
schedule.
You know, why don't I just go down to the
food truck and ask them to move?
No reason.
Hi.
No, but I'm not surprised. He's also the pope of
a planet he invented in hyperspace. Why didn't you tell
me?
Why not? "Saturday, March 3 rd. 7
Oh...
I don't want to be in the middle of this.
No matter which way I vote, I'm either a bad
friend, a bad fiancée, or an ungrateful recipient of a
battery.
Sheldon. Sheldon for president. I pick Sheldon!
Don't be mad at me. I mean, I can't vote
against him.
Well, what other times are there?!
Well, not anything. But honestly, pastrami sandwich is not the
hill I want to die on.
Look, there are a bunch of other tenants in this
building. All you need is for one of them to
vote your way, and then Sheldon's out and I didn't
betray him.
That you came up with all by yourself. Now, if
you'll excuse me, told Sheldon I was going to the
market, so... I'm taking some of your stuff. I was
never here.
Hi. What are you doing? Leonard and Penny are trying
to turn the tenants against me, so they are about
to see just what kind of power the president of
the tenants association wields.
"You must be at least this tall to use washing
machine"?
Sheldon, I have an advanced degree in the study of
the human brain, so if my fiancé is a raving
lunatic, it's kind of a ding on my reputation.
Democracy.
Huh. Well, that is surprising. I, for one, have no
idea what they're talking about.
Well, what are you saying? That Sheldon's not technically a
tenant at all and therefore, has no standing to be
president of the tenants association no matter who votes for
him? I don't know how you found that out, but
I am guessing all on your own.
Huh. Well, as a woman in love, I want to
stand by my man. Too bad that's been rendered bureaucratically
impossible.
I vote for Leonard!
I'm sorry, Sheldon. With minimal power comes minimal responsibility, and
you couldn't handle it.
It's not your fault. I mean, what man wouldn't be
seduced by the power to decide how late the laundry
room stays open?
Sheldon, it's the American way, the peaceful transfer of power.
Really? The Ant-Man thing? That's what won you over?
I think you'll be really good at that.
Sheldon, what are you doing?
Leonard, you are not letting Sheldon go alone this weekend.
Yes, it is-- because I'm getting married!
Yes. Do you know why?
Leonard, you cannot drop him off. You have to stay
with him and keep him safe.
Are you sure you're gonna be okay this weekend?
You do?
Well, I wish I could say none of that is
gonna happen, but Penny is planning it, and she is
the reason I own those underwear with writing across the
butt.
What do you think is gonna happen?
It'll be fine. I'm sure there'll be some drinking and
some dancing, and then a mailman'll probably show up and
take his clothes off...
No, not our mailman. A dancer pretending to be a
mailman.
It's sweet that you're worried about me.
And I want you to be safe.
Okay, now, I promised Sheldon things weren't gonna get too
crazy tonight. Should I be worried?
Oh...
My bachelorette party's a quilting bee!
Amy likes the quilting bee!
Yeah. I just, uh, finished sewing this top to bottom.
Now I'm gonna sew it side to side.
Seriously? What the hell?
This is my bachelorette party, tea and quilts?
Yes, but I said it like, "I don't want anything
crazy." Which clearly means I wanted something crazy. I mean,
is this how boring you think I am?
So you thought that I would like quilting?
Of course I like quilting! It's the slowest way to
make a blanket! But this is my bachelorette party! It's
supposed to be fun and wild and full of bad
decisions.
I don't know. That might be too much.
What are you not getting about this?!
This is so exciting. Can we do a body shot?
I've always wanted to do a body shot. Also, what's
a body shot?
Ew. No, thanks. What if they have an outie? Does
it just spill everywhere?
I'm getting married!
Cheers!
What happened? How did we get here?
What did I do? What did you do? What'd she
do?
I did that?
But I don't know how to Riverdance.
I saw shirtless firemen?
Did I flash anybody?
I can't believe it. I'm so embarrassed. You didn't take
any pictures, did you?
You guys are good friends.
Welcome back. How'd it go?
Oh, well, that's exciting.
Well, I was in a bar, and I saw some
shirtless men. They were firemen, and they fought over me.
But Penny and Bernadette got me out of there before
the victor got my spoils.
What's the matter? You look glum.
What are you talking about?
What if I'm not the straightlaced, buttoned-up, quilting queen you
thought I was? What if I'm a... Riverdancing wild woman?
I'd still love you, too.
You tell me.
Pigeon check for Sheldon. North side's all clear!
You know, the Greek version of Mercury, Hermes, was worshipped
in Athens by the carving of giant wooden phalluses.
I think it's a little early for Mercury to be
visible yet.
You're right. I mean, he could at least get you
a mug.
Honestly, less and less.
Okay, I'm afraid this is gonna get really offensive to
certain groups but go on.
Are you done?
Oh, okay. That both made sense and wasn't offensive.
There we go.
No, I get that. I'm annoyed and I'm a woman.
You're welcome.
How about that?
Hmm. I don't know. Denise?
Well, was the store crowded? I bet it was. I
know you hate that.
You must be Denise.
I'm Amy, Sheldon's fiancée.
Oh, I am. And I heard you and Sheldon had
a great time today talking about comic books.
Great. Here's what's gonna happen. You're gonna teach me how
to do that.
Pretend to like comic books.
All right, let's not get hung up on semantics. It's
late, we got a lot of work to do.
Hi.
Denise recommended it to me. It's the Rebirth Omnibus. She
thought it would be a good entry point for me
into the DC Universe-- and I have to say, I
really do like...
Mm. My mother wouldn't approve; shows too much clavicle. She
calls it "the bosom's welcome mat."
It's just so hard to tell what will look good
on me.
How much money are you asking for?
What do you need that kind of money for?
Just nod.
Sheldon, they're not gonna give you half a billion dollars.
I mean, they won't even give me that much and
I keep promising I can make people's brains "grow younger."
No. Shh.
Sheldon, you know, Penny's got a point. Sometimes when you
want something big from someone, you-you got to be careful
not to scare them away, you know? You got to
start small and-and build up slowly, even if it takes
eight years. Eight long years.
Nope.
What do you think?
I feel beautiful. And look
Is it possible that the very first dress is the
dress?
Uh, guys, we have a problem.
I look amazing in all of these dresses!
Bernadette, stop. Penny, you say something nice now.
Should I try on some more?
Am I having fun being beautiful? Of course I am!
This is it. This is the one. Do you love
it?
Well, what about my dress? Don't you like it?
Depends. Is what I'm wearing okay, or should I go
change first?
Thank you.
No, we're not good. You ruined my dress.
Well, I can't wear it now. I mean, I know
you hate it. That's all I'm gonna be thinking about.
I asked if you liked it, and you said no.
I do. You're the-the coolest, prettiest, best-dressed person in my
life.
Ew.
That we're different people?
I appreciate that. You're a good maid of honor. It's
Bernadette. Hello?
Are you kidding me? Now Bernadette doesn't like the dress?
Really? because I was gonna return it.
Why do you smell like smoke?
Vegas?
Amazon customer support?
Jesus?
Wait a minute. You didn't invite your brother to your
own wedding?
Try again.
Look, he may have been mean to you when you
were kids, but you're both grown men now.
Okay.
Okay, so each welcome bag gets a schedule of events,
a map, and chocolate from me. And from Sheldon, a
bottle of Purell, the number for Poison Control in case
someone accidentally drinks the Purell, and a laminated table of
elements because the American school system is a failure.
I'm actually not sure. Turns out Sheldon didn't invite his
brother.
And his mom said she won't come if his brother's
not there.
You stop right there. I'm getting married in a week;
you are not giving me pink eye.
You infected me a week before my wedding. What am
I supposed to do about this?
Look at what you've done to me!
There aren't gonna be any wedding photos. My fiancé's a
germophobe. If he finds out I'm contagious, he'll never come
back from Texas.
That'll probably work. We'll call that plan B.
Oh, boo-hoo. His date got ruined. I'm about to get
married, and look at me.
Oh, does it? Does it look like that with your
two clear eyes?
What do you think?
Do you really want to be touching that? Do you
know how many sick kids...? You know, never mind. Knock
yourself out.
Hey, whatever kind of pink eye their kids have, I
have, and I need to know. And if it's viral,
I'm screwed.
Yeah. Yes.
Not you.
Hey, how's it going?
Oh, that's great!
Oh, you know, I'm just working on my peripheral vision.
Yup, that is what's happening.
Hey, I-I was thinking, now that you and your brother
made up, there's no reason to rush home. Maybe you
and Leonard could, could stay for, uh... two to three
more fun-filled days there.
I may have been one of those people.
Yes.
I-I think it's more like, uh, like Lord of the
Rings, and you're the Fellowship. Uh, someone's got to go
to Gondor, someone's got to go to Mordor, someone's got
to hold off the demon of shadow and flame.
I mean my mother.
Thank you.
Aw, he said forever. That was Wil Wheaton. He's really
excited about tomorrow.
Why do you keep tying and untying that bow tie?
Well, I don't think it's supposed to be even. Sometimes
a little asymmetry looks good. In the Renaissance, they called
it "sprezzatura."
So are you feeling okay? No wedding jitters?
Because if you came from the future, that would mean
you already went through with the wedding because you believe
that time travel is on a closed loop.
So, you're Sheldon's big brother.
I like your accent. Sheldon, did you used to sound
like that? Can you still?
Don't you mean... "Y'all said something 'bout my bow tie"?
Go on, say it. Say it.
Hey.
It's so nice to meet you. Aw. I've always wanted
a sister.
Hi, Mom.
Hi, Dad. How you doing?
Sheldon, you're awfully quiet. Are you okay?
Come in.
What's wrong? Something incredible just happened. Remember when you were
telling me about my bow tie and how a little
asymmetry is good?
Yeah?
What? Just give it to me, you beautiful thing! We
have work to do!
Maybe even at the initial moment of creation, the fundamental
forces lacked symmetry.
Super asymmetry.
Sheldon had a breakthrough.
Let's get married.
Thank you, Daddy. I-I thought Wil was marrying us.
Another sci-fi guy with a beard. Seems lateral, but okay.
Sheldon, when I was a little girl, I used to
dream about my wedding. But, eventually, I stopped, because I
thought that day would never come. And then I met
you. From the first moment in that coffee shop, I
knew that there was something special between us, even though
I did work on a study that disproved love at
first sight.
Clearly, it was wrong. Because I felt something that day,
and those feelings have only gotten stronger with time. I
can't imagine loving you more than I do right now.
But I felt that way yesterday and the day before
yesterday and the day before that.
Accelerating.
Sheldon, I don't know what the future holds, but I
know that I've never been happier than I am in
this moment marrying you.
I do.
