Hey.
Yeah, how could you do that?
I got his back.
Hey, if I wasn’t engaged to Bernadette, that totally could
have been me.
What?
You’re not in love with Penny.
Who?
I’m sorry. What?
I don’t see anything.
Maybe he was too busy writing clumsy penis metaphors about
my fiancee.
Fine with me.
Let it go, Sheldon. I’ll get you a Jamba Juice
on the way home.
Damn those sons of bitches!
Here, here.
What are you going to do in Nebraska?
Pretty sweet, huh? This little baby set the university back
175 grand.
Hang on.
Hand me the tuna melt.
Thank you. How’s it going with the long-distance love affair?
When you say making it work, does that include doing
the cyber nasty?
You know, the virtual pickle tickle. The digital bow-chicka-bow-bow.
Hey, Leonard jiggling his junk at her through a webcam
has got to be easier for you to deal with
than him actually touching her with it.
Are you insane? With high-speed Internet, you have at your
fingertips the greatest advancement in the field of sex since
the invention of the washcloth.
Well, if you don’t, you’re gonna lose Priya to some
fancy guy in a turban who grew up with Kama
Sutra coloring books.
Oh, come on, tell me I’m wrong.
Just his head, right?
What? You’re having trouble with the long-distance lovemaking. This is
your answer. There are two interfaces that simulate a human
mouth. You have one, Priya has one in India. When
you move your lips and tongue on yours, it transmits
exactly what you’re doing to hers. See? Internet kissing. Give
it a try.
Almost. Really get your tongue in there, to activate the
motion sensor.
Close. Really French it.
Yeah, you got it, you got it.
Whoa! You just bit my tongue!
Why do you have to make everything weird?
Oh, yeah.
Check it out. Free chair.
On three?
Three!
All right, honey, if we’re gonna make the movie, we
should go. This may be hard for you to hear,
but when I say honey, I mean my fiancée. Yeah,
well, now it means her.
Fine. But next time, we get a sitter.
Neither of them are close.
Which side do you come down on?
Can you believe grown men sit around and play with
toy trains?
First of all, they’re not tricks, they’re illusions. And, secondly,
when we get married, they’re all going up in the
attic so you can have that closet for clothes.
Well, don’t think of it that way. Once we move
in, it’ll be our house.
Why would she move out? It’s her house.
Why not? It’s a great house, plenty of room, and
if we have kids, Mom’s there to help. You know,
when she tells the Three Little Pigs story, she actually
has hair on her chinny-chin-chin.
Wow, someone obviously has some mommy issues.
Don’t listen to her. Go to the movie theatre.
Movie theatre.
I’ll get it!
I said I’m getting it!
I got it! Oh, hi.
Yeah, well, I’m sorry I didn’t run it by you
first.
The bugs only come here because you’re their queen! Listen,
how about this. Before we make any kind of decision
about where we live, we have a trial run. Stay
here for a weekend, see what it’s like.
Sure she would. Ma, do you mind if Bernadette stays
here this weekend?
See? She’s good with it.
So, dinner went nice.
Only when it’s fatty. Well, don’t be jealous, babe. Someday
you’ll get to cut it for me.
Hey, Ma, how about a little privacy?
Relax, it’ll be fine.
Ready for bed?
Oh. Yeah, she sometimes has problems doing her business. Hang
on. Ma, give up! Tonight’s not your night!
Come on, take a break! Bernadette needs to brush her
teeth!
Problem solved.
Oh, come on, honey. She’s just sitting in there reading
a magazine. You can’t see anything. I go in all
the time.
And we have splashdown. Wait here, I’m gonna go light
a candle. And then we make passionate love.
Morning, Mom.
Yes, it is, and you’re so pretty in the morning.
Oh, wow. So you guys are getting along?
Is there any butter?
Oh.
I don’t need any butter.
Well, I guess I’ll cut these by myself.
I say, hey Ma, what’s for dinner?
Great. We spent five hours last night at Macy’s registering
for gifts. Looks like I’m finally going to have that
darling little earthenware asparagus dish I’ve always wanted.
You mean like playing nerd games with us and then
taking a suspiciously long shower?
Really? So we’re playing Dungeons and Dragons, and we walk
into a dungeon and see a dragon? Isn’t that a
little on the nose?
Eat another pie, you’ll have your own bazongas.
With Dungeons and Dragons dice?
So, what’s for dinner?
Uh, I don’t want to show any more of your
friends how I can fit in the booster seats.
Emily, this is our friend Raj.
She says it’s nice to meet you.
Raj says it’s nice to meet you, too. She says
she has to go back to her family, but Penny
has her number if you want to text her and
get together.
He’ll text you.
Maybe we should revisit your lonely fat guy plan.
No joke. Oh, she says she’s sorry she’s late.
Really? That’s the first thing you want to say?
Look, I don’t know the sign for opalescent.
I don’t know how to spell it.
He likes your eyes.
She says, thank you, you have nice eyes, too.”
No.
She doesn’t know what James Earl Jones sounds like.
You really want to ask her that?
She says, do you play an instrument?
Do you hear yourself
I think I wrote a letter to Santa Claus every
day. And then on Christmas morning, under the tree is
a little puppy with a red ribbon.
Texting Bernadette that I’m gonna be late.
It’s a funny story about a puppy. Just smile and
laugh. Quick, quick, stop smiling.
The puppy died, it choked on a doll head. Sad
face, sad face!
Look, pretty stars. This is her car. She hopes she
can see you again sometime.
I speak sign language, I don’t read minds.
Yeah, but I’m a make out king.
You? I made you smooth. You were an idiot.
It might’ve been on your lips, but it was my
kiss.
Okay.
Why are you still doing this?
Here’s some other fun news on the Raj/Emily front. He
gave her a pair of diamond earrings and leased her
a car.
What the hell? The last time we went to the
zoo, that son of a bitch made me buy him
a churro.
And she got him to pay off all her credit
cards.
He’s not going to listen, he’s in love.
Yeah, this is a bad idea. We should go.
Wow.
Hey, Bernadette doesn’t mind where I get my motor running,
as long as I park in the right garage.
Smart. Whisper so the deaf chick can’t hear you.
Oh, hey, hi. Nice to see you.
She says, sure, what about him?
Right. Are you a gold digger or not? Oh, uh,
something, something, who the something do you think you are?
Mind your own something business and go something yourself. Oh,
wait, I got this now.
Try throwing it in the microwave for a few seconds.
Thanks for dinner, buddy.
Sorry I’m late. Uh, I got great news. NASA picked
my team’s design for the deep field space telescope that’s
going on the International Space Station this spring.
It gets better. Someone has to go up with the
telescope as a payload specialist, and guess who that someone
is.
Who’s Mohammed Lee?
It’s me, Sheldon. It’s me. I’m going up in space!
Technically, I’m an astronaut.
Oh, well, it’s really cool. You fly to Moscow, they
take you out to Kazakhstan, and then you get into
a Russian Soyuz rocket which shoots you into a low
earth orbit. Or just sits there on the launch pad
because the Kazakhi mafia sold the rocket fuel on the
black market.
Well, I mean, safe as it can be when it
was built by the good folks who brought you Chernobyl.
You’re really quiet. Is everything okay?
I hope not too tired, because I’m feeling particularly masculine
right now. All systems go, if you catch my drift.
All right, well, something’s obviously bugging you. What is it?
Oh, I get it. You’re worried about me. That is
so sweet. You know, there’s a saying we have at
NASA. What makes the right stuff so right is that
it always comes home.
This isn’t the reaction I expected when I told you
I was gonna be an astronaut.
Honestly? Sex.
Do you realize what a big deal this is? What
an honour it is to be chosen to go into
space?
I’m sorry. You’re right. Okay, let’s try this again. Bernadette,
an opportunity has come up that impacts both of us,
and I’d like to discuss it.
I’ve been offered a chance to go up to the
International Space Station for three weeks. What are your thoughts
on that?
Hey, we’re a team. So, what do you think?
No?
Well why not?
Hey, my father abandoned me and my mother when I
was 11. We never saw him again.
Change your mind about sex? I’m still mad, but I’ll
do it.
Really?
Thank you.
I love you, too. So, sex now?
What choice did I have? She went behind my back
and turned my own mother against me.
Little bit.
I don’t know. If we’re going to get back together,
she’s going to have to apologize and accept that I’m
a grown man who can make his own decisions.
Obviously.
Tell her I’m not home!
You can. I have nothing to say.
I was gonna tell her eventually, but you went behind
my back.
If you’re gonna love me, you’re gonna have to love
the whole package, the tenderhearted poet and the crazy daredevil.
Well, don’t say it if you’re not gonna mean it,
because I’m not just gonna stop with the space station.
Yeah, I want to go to the Moon, I want
to go to Mars. I want to take a one-man
sub to the lowest depths of the ocean.
Well, those big kids were rocking it.
Really?
Right, right.
So, this spring, I get to go to the International
Space Station.
Thanks, but I watch the Charlie Brown Christmas special every
year, so I get the gist.
Nope. She says if I don’t back out she’s going
to go on a hunger strike. It would take years
before she’d be in any kind of danger, but still.
What do you say?
He’s not talking about your shirt. Your shirt is fine.
Yep, that’s the last Jew who did sit-ups. And look
where it got him.
Oh, me? No. Thanks, I’m good. I’m really just trying
not to burst into flames.
He says he’s having trouble dropping those last five pounds.
No, you only get one wish.
Come on, admit it. We got you, Sheldon.
We can’t beat him. He’s just too smart.
Who had money on faints?
Not as droll as a grown man passed out in
a puddle of his own urine.
Did we just see you pick up a girl in
a comic book store?
Hey, Sheldon.
That’s not my mom, it’s Bernadette.
What’s up?
Well, I, I’m gonna see you at work in 12
hours, don’t you think it could have waited until then?
Whatever. My… oh… it’s…
Trick or treat, bubbeleh.
What would you like to talk about, Sheldon? Why do
you hate us?
That’s fun to have in a lunchroom.
Please, we’re eating. Can we get that off the table
and change the subject?
Oy. Bernadette keeps texting me pictures of Penny in bridesmaid
dresses.
Yeah.
I guess.
Why are they asking me about this stuff? What guy
knows what a sweetheart neckline is?
What?
What do you want us to do about it?
So, listen, guys, the reason he was up late is
because he was taking care of Amy. She’s kind of
upset.
Raj did it. And he says he would do it
again. Okay, I’m sorry. You sent me the picture, I
wasn’t thinking.
Well, hey, I’m usually pretty good at not blabbing. You
tell me tons of stuff about these guys, and I
never repeat it.
I’ll tell you later.
I’m pushing play.
If we don’t start soon, George Lucas is going to
change it again.
I have a Masters degree from M.I.T.
All right, Sheldon, your bird death ray is ready.
It’s amazing people keep coming to comic book stores instead
of just downloading comics digitally.
Oh, that reminds me, I get fresh sheets tonight. Yay.
A new one? Unbelievable. They just keep making up more
cheesy monsters, slapping them on cards and selling them at
25 bucks a pop. It’s like a secret tax on
guys who can’t get laid.
Wild West and Witches? What kind of loser cares about
a showdown between Billy the Kid and the White Wizard
of the North?
What? Please! This is Billy the Kid we’re talking about.
I mean, the wizard would get shot between the eyes
before he could ever get out the words, what the
hell is Billy the Kid doing in the mystic realm
of Ka’a?
You interested in Amy?
Mmm, make it two.
We’re not wearing cowboy hats, Sheldon. It looks ridiculous.
Very.
Very.
Wait a minute. Are you telling me that Sheldon’s patented
blend of condescension and no sex isn’t enough to hold
on to a woman?
Sorry. Creepy Tepee.
You are.
Ooh, a sheriff’s badge.
I thought you didn’t like Facebook anymore.
Oh, yeah. Now he’s gonna miss all those great updates
like, I can’t believe I waited this long to make
my own potpourri.
Here’s a radical thought. Go old-school, challenge Stuart to a
fight. I mean, nothing makes the ladies hotter than two
skinny white guys swatting at each other with their eyes
closed.
Hey, we’re here to support you, buddy.
You wore underwear? You fool.
That’s quite a list. I can’t read your handwriting, what’s
that word?
Like the Black Death and Europe.
How exactly would these glasses work?
How about that? After all these years, your big bad
high school bully finally apologizes.
Completely empty box. If you’d like to examine it?
Little snarky there, cello lessons. And we have this completely
ordinary cylinder. If you’d like to examine it?
As I was saying, empty box, empty cylinder, and, ooh,
voila.
How is this lying?
Don’t be so hard on him. It’s natural to be
a little cranky when you have a quarter in your
ear!
How is that not amusing?
Look, I made Sheldon disappear. Ta-da.
Yeah. I started when I was a teenager. I thought
I could show a girl a few tricks and invite
her up to my bedroom to see the rest of
the act.
Ah, let’s just say the only wand that ever saw
any action was this one. Oh, look what my mom
made us for the act.
Well, she cut up one of her old bathing suits.
She made these two vests and half a dozen napkins.
I just gave it to her!
She’s not stacked like you, Ma! She never steps on
hers!
You’ll do fine. Hand me those rings? See? You nailed
it.
Well, that’s because you haven’t been around them much. This
is good practice. I mean, you are gonna be a
mom someday, right?
Oh-ho-ho! I haven’t seen this trick in years. It’s called
the dove pan. You let everyone see the pan is
empty, but there’s a secret compartment in the lid. And
then you open it and produce a live… Don’t look
in there.
And now, all the rings are magically linked together. My
fiancee’s wearing a magic ring, too. It made all my
money disappear.
Okay. Okay. Now, my lovely assistant is going to bring
me an ordinary pitcher of milk.
Okay, we’re going to roll up this newspaper.
Okay, we’re going to stick this in here and then
I’m going to pour in the milk. I hope this
works, because I didn’t bring a change of pants.
She’s just kidding, boys and girls. Everyone gets cake.
Just give me the pitcher. Behold! Wrong pitcher.
Yes, you did. Oh, I think my crotch is starting
to curdle.
Yeah, so?
All right, settle down. Red light. Red light, red light!
Okay, we’re fine.
Yeah, no, we all got that. But don’t you think
it’ll be different when the child is ours?
Well, yeah.
I’m still trying to wrap my mind around it. I
always thought I’d be a dad someday.
Yeah, she doesn’t like them. And from what I saw,
the feeling was mutual.
I don’t know. I can’t see a life where I
don’t have kids. I mean, people have kids. I mean,
even Donkey Kong had Donkey Kong Jr. So he could
teach someone how to kidnap princesses and throw barrels at
Italian plumbers.
Maybe me and Bernadette aren’t right for each other.
I don’t want to, but this is kind of a
deal breaker.
Huh, it’ll kill her. On the other hand, if I
don’t give her grandchildren, that’ll kill her, too. So, either
way, on the Mom front, I’m golden.
You should keep it. You could wear it again sometime.
I don’t know, hunting?
Don’t worry, Ma. I will, as soon as I can
figure out a way to bring up such a sensitive
issue!
I was upset. My mom can be a pretty good
shoulder to cry on, if the smell of Bengay doesn’t
burn your eyes.
Really? That’s great. What?
Me?
Yeah.
Yeah, we’re good.
I would love that. But what is that behind your
ear? Oh, look, it’s a condom.
Well, more to the point, why are you doing this?
No.
Why?
Ooh, eight thirty. You and Penny decide to go out
and paint the town beige?
How about now?
Why?
I’m surprised to see you here after it went so
badly with Penny.
Why not?
Really?
Leonard knows what he wants, but it looks like he’s
not gonna get it from you.
Let’s see the new phone.
Really? Me? That’s, like, the best part.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, let me try the voice recognition.
Look at that. There’s finally a woman in your life
you can talk to.
She is gonna break his heart.
Great.
Yeah, what are we eating?
Yes. His phone.
Uh-huh.
Check it out, press release from NASA.
This is going right into my synagogue’s newsletter.
I don’t get to pick it. The other guys have
to give it to me.
Are you not listening to me? The other astronauts have
to give you your nickname.
Emergency drill night last night, huh?
I got pretty exciting NASA news today. Next week I
fly to Houston for orientation and zero-gravity elimination drills.
Open the pod bay doors, HAL.
Absolutely. But when Ma’s hips give out, you’re up, kid.
You can’t do Buzz. Buzz is taken.
No, that’s not what I’m talking about.
No.
Yeah, terrific. The other astronauts would love to go hurtling
through space with a guy named Crash.
Yeah, it’s great, but I told you, I don’t get
to pick my nickname. It has to come from the
other astronauts.
Like how?
Did it work?
That’s actually not a terrible plan.
All right, test my ring tone. That really is a
good song.
Ma, I told you I have a video conference with
NASA. I said don’t bother me!
Yes, please listen to Mr. Big Shot Astronaut. Hey, good
morning.
No problem, Dr. Massimino.
Mass. That’s a cool nickname. Because force equals mass times
acceleration.
Sorry. My phone.
Yeah, my ring tone. Kind of my favourite song, Rocket
Man.
Not now!
My mom. Sorry.
No problem, Fruit Loops.
E.
I haven’t seen him laugh that hard since the day
Leonard made that multiplication error.
I wonder what he wants.
No. You should go.
How about Florida? They’ve got Cape Canaveral, they’ve got Disney,
they’ve got my Aunt Ida and the world’s largest collection
of diabetic candy. Plus, if you get sweaty enough, her
plastic-covered furniture is like a flume ride.
I don’t think I could ever let a guy give
me a massage.
I don’t think you have a good handle on dictatorships.
Everyone in the world of science knows who Richard Feynman
was.
Isn’t that just Feynman’s idea?
Check it out. Look at the size of that Rice
Krispie Treat. Same price.
I know, it’s not on my wedding diet. I don’t
care.
A pre-nup? Wow.
I don’t know.
You know what, it’s not a big deal. She makes
more money than me. She wants to protect her financial
interests. It’s completely reasonable.
Yeah, actually, it’s good for both of us. I have
assets to protect, too.
I’ve got some rare comic books. The Vespa’s almost paid
off. And Ma and I have a primo double cemetery
plot at Mt. Sinai right near the guy who played
Mr. Roper on Three’s Company.
What are you doing here?
What happened to your thumb?
We’re grown men, we drink at bars.
Oh, yeah, sure.
I’m not signing a pre-nup.
No. I’m not mad at you. I just wish you
would have come to me, so I didn’t have to
hear it through the nerd-vine.
You really want me to sign a pre-nup?
Why don’t I talk to your dad, man-to-man?
Done.
Okay.
Got it, got it. Will you e-mail me that list?
You know, this isn’t that pressing. Why don’t I talk
to him about it in May.
They’ve got a phone.
I guess. Still, it’s a shame Professor Rothman was forced
to step down.
I wonder how long Sheldon’s got.
So sad.
Professor Rothman.
Okay
It’s numbered.
Hail.
Sheldon, stop. He’s screwing with you.
It’s the 21 st century. You can’t have a duel.
Sheldon was higher.
Why don’t you just turn up the thermostat?
The bird?
The growing realization that you are one wacky bastard? Yep.
Lookie here, I got my travel orders.
Yeah, but it’s from NASA, so it’s oh eight hundred.
You read it as oh eight hundred.
You know what does have an oh in front of
it? Oh, my God, I’m an astronaut, and you’re dying
of jealousy.
Quick question here, have we actually changed the conversation from
I’m going to astronaut training to Sheldon can’t get a
haircut?
Hi.
I miss you.
Oh, wow, where do I even start? I got to
experience zero gravity.
It’s pretty neat. You get in this plane that goes
almost straight up for, like, 20 seconds, and then straight
back down like it’s going to crash, and they do
it over and over again, you know, no matter how
many times you throw up.
Yeah, and the craziest part is, because there’s no gravity,
the throw-up kind of floats there, in a little ball,
and if your mouth is open because you’re screaming, sometimes
it just floats right back in. Boy, does everyone laugh
at you when that happens.
No. Yeah, I would have laughed, too, but I didn’t
want the vomit to come back out. Anyway, oh, could
you do me a favour and overnight me some more
underwear?
I got a look at the centrifuge they’re going to
spin me around in tomorrow, and I have a hunch
I packed a little light.
Hi.
We did overnight survival training in the wilderness. Big fun.
Big, big fun. I was gonna freshen up for you
but I blacked out a little on the way to
the bathroom.
Uh-huh. Except you don’t have food or water, and they
don’t have a sunset Sabbath service like they do at
Camp Hess-Kramer.
No. I slept in a hole I dug in the
ground with my bare hands. And at some point during
the night, an armadillo crawled in and spooned me.
But I did it. I survived. I wasn’t sure I
was going to when the sandstorm hit. I just pulled
my turtleneck up over my head and waited for death.
But somehow as I sat there, wrapped in a cocoon
of my own neck-sweat, I found that primal part of
the human spirit that just wants to keep on living,
no matter what the cost.
I ate a butterfly. It was so small and beautiful,
but I was so hungry.
No, I don’t think it’s possible. I’m severely dehydrated. My
pee is like toothpaste.
Thanks, honey, but I can’t quit. If I do, I’ll
just be a guy who had a chance to be
an astronaut and gave it up.
No. Wait. Send more underwear.
What are you doing here?
Oh, I love you so much.
Don’t worry, once she falls asleep, I’ll spoon you like
an armadillo.
You’re about to walk up three flights of stairs.
Turn off our phones so our moms can’t call.
They called the cops because of the smell. They thought
we were dead.
48 hours of Star Wars gaming.
Yeah, but it’s got lightsabres.
Look, if you don’t want to go to the party,
just don’t go. You’re a grown man. Act like one.
Tell Amy you want to spend the weekend having a
sleepover and playing video games with your friends. Maybe she’ll
dig it. Women like a firm hand on the tiller.
Now, I downloaded an app that might be helpful in
this situation.
Hey, guys, I got a surprise.
No. Bernadette’s going to be playing with us. So, that’s
pretty cool, huh? Right? Sure it is, yeah.
I had no choice. Last night, she said, why don’t
we go out for brunch tomorrow and then maybe the
Arboretum. And I said, well, no, I promised the guys
I was going to play a video game with them
all weekend. And she said, that sounds like fun, can
I come, too? And then I didn’t answer for a
second, and then she said, well, do you not want
me to come? And then I bought her a new
laptop and the game, and she’s parking the car right
now.
But I worked hard to get this armour.
Fine, I’ll change.
I’ll miss you.
I’ll miss you more.
Hear! Hear!
That’s my ride, got to go.
Hey, Raj, you didn’t send your RSVP in. I’m supposed
to ask you if you’re bringing someone to the wedding.
Well, can you make it soon. There’s a battle royale
going on over the seating charts. In one corner, Bernadette’s
mom, and the other three, mine.
Anyway, you gotta let me know if you have a
plus one, because if not my mom’s trying to sneak
in the doctor who sucked the fat out of her
neck.
Come on, who is it?
No, uh, I don’t think so.
Hindus do the same thing. Except they leave room for
a cow.
Yesterday you made fun of me for eating lox.
Well clearly you’ve never been to brunch with my cousins.
Nice to meet you.
Yep, one sec. Ah, good. Ma would have killed me
if she’d found out I’d broke my retainer.
Yeah. Sure. How are things going?
What do you mean, she’s a lesbian?
Then why did she even go out with you?
Okay, well, so the reason that might sound crazy, is
because it’s crazy.
Well, yes. But my compromises are about which bedspread to
buy, or whose turn it is to do the laundry,
Bernadette’s or my mom’s.
Why don’t you tell your parents you want to try
and find someone else, you know, maybe one who hasn’t
slept with more women than you.
So you’re seriously thinking about marrying someone you’re never going
to have sex with.
Yes, to other gay people.
I told everybody.
Well, actually we kind of agreed to disagree on that
one, but we both think you shouldn’t marry this woman.
Her. We thought you two would hit it off.
So, I got the craziest e-mail this morning.
Believe me, I know. The e-mail I got was from
the office of Stephen Hawking.
He’s coming to the university for a couple weeks to
lecture, and he’s looking for an engineer to help maintain
the equipment on his wheelchair.
You’re right. I suppose that could be considered offensive.
I was actually thinking about bringing him along when I
go over there so he can meet the great man.
Hm, it’s no big deal.
Sheldon, I have a working understanding of physics.
Yep.
Not on your life.
I told you, no.
No, you said, would it help if I said I’m
sorry?
Sheldon, you’re a condescending jerk. Why on earth would I
want to do something nice for you?
Jews don’t have heaven.
Have you met my mother? I live in Jewish hell.
Oh, you can’t be serious.
Hang on. Are you saying the rest of us are
dogs?
Get out of my lab.
Get out.
Out!
It was great. We talked about movies.
I showed him some card tricks.
He even let me read a couple pages from his
new book.
Something got you down there, bunky?
You’re kidding.
You don’t seem to be understanding the English word no.
Maybe a different language will help. Russian, nyet. Chinese, bu.
Japanese, iie. Klingon, qo. Binary coded Ascii, 0110111001101111.
No!
Let me try gansta, hells no.
That’s an interesting idea. Why don’t you give me a
minute to talk it over with my friends?
You walk away.
I do.
Yeah, I know, I’m just trying to figure out how
much I want to punish him.
Sheldon, come on back.
I’ll give your paper to Professor Hawking.
But in exchange, I’d like you to do a few
things for me.
Are you familiar with the 12 labours of Hercules?
You should be so lucky.
Well, I thought I’d start you off by polishing my
belt buckles.
That’s nice.
Funny thing is, I only have one belt. Anyway, I’ll
let you get started. Oh, by the way, the little
marks, uh, that look like water spots, I tend to
stand too close to the urinal, so what you’re seeing
there is splash back.
Here is a black light to check them. And for
your own peace of mind, you might not want to
shine that around the rest of the room.
Sheldon, these look great. They’re like magnificent little crowns to
hang over my magnificent little jewels. How’d you get them
so shiny?
Way to go the extra mile. Your Mee-Maw would be
proud.
Oh, my dear boy, no. Okay. Next, this is a
sexy French maid costume I bought for Bernadette. I thought
it might spice things up and get her to dust
my room at the same time, but I was wrong
and really wrong.
No, no, no, mon petit cherie.
What’s the matter?
It’s not her fault. She’s getting hormone replacement therapy. Makes
her crazy horny. Check this out, I got Sheldon to
wear the French maid’s costume.
Hey, I gave you first crack at it.
He’s mean to me all the time. You’ve heard him
tease me about not having a doctorate.
Oh, come on, the man torments me. I’m just letting
him have a little taste of his own medicine.
Fine, I’ll just make him do a couple more things,
then I’ll stop.
Oh, guys, I just remembered. I got you some Hawking
souvenirs.
Gears and springs from his wheelchair. Pretty cool, huh?
Yeah, I made an adjustment on the motor drive and
when I was putting it back together I could not
for the life of me figure out where they went.
I should have sent you to the custom car cover
place in Altadena. They have her pattern on file.
I don’t know.
All right, Sheldon, there’s only one thing left I want
you to do. Don’t worry, it’s an easy one.
Give me a compliment.
No, about my job. I want you to tell me
I’m good at what I do.
Well, then why are you always ripping on me?
Thank you, Sheldon.
Sorry, I can’t.
I gave it to him three days ago. He was
really impressed. He wants to meet you.
Kangaroo, uh, I’d be a Kanga-Jew. The first of my
people to dunk a basketball.
Sounds like loads of fun, but I promised Bernadette no
strippers.
What can I tell ya, I’m not into that stuff
any more.
Well, it’s probably not for me.
Actually, Barry, we’re not going to have strippers tonight.
She was my second cousin.
Okay, buddy, that’s it. Sit down.
Don’t remember. Please sit down.
Oh, please shut up.
Thank you for picking us up. There’s a warning, right
there, on the scotch bottle. You cannot be operatin’ heavy
machinery after you had a snootful of this, laddie!
Yeah, it was great. And low-key, like I promised. No
hanky-panky, no strippers. Just the guys telling jokes.
How about you? Did you have a fun night? Yeah,
we, uh, made gift bags, had wine, and then went
online and saw this.
Bernadette, listen…
Okay, just to set the record straight, I didn’t hire
the prostitute, she was a gift from him. Shame on
you, Raj. That is not how we treat women in
this country.
Hi, Bernie, it’s me again. Please call me back.
It’s not your fault, it’s mine. I did all that
stuff, not you.
What is this?
No, but what is it?
I don’t know what my next move is.
Yeah?
I’m not calling the girl from Comic-con.
Oh, hi.
I need to talk to Bernadette.
All right, well, could you at least give her a
message?
Tell her I’m really sorry, and if she doesn’t want
to marry me, I get it. But what I really
want her to know is the guy that she’s disgusted
by, is the guy that I’m disgusted by, too. But
that guy doesn’t exist any more, he’s gone, and the
reason is because of her. So, if this relationship is
over, let her know that she made me a better
man, and tell her thank you.
Penny has a message for you.
Do you want me to go?
I get that.
Couple things, but, you know, most of them happened overseas.
I’ll tell you later.
So, is the wedding still on?
Howard Wolowitz.
Yes, yes, I’ve been doing my push-ups. I’m still stuck
at nine, but that’s going all the way down with
no one holding me.
You’re kidding. So what does that mean? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Boy,
I got to tell you, I’m really disappointed. This was
my dream ever since I was a little kid. Okay,
well, uh, thanks for the call. Yep, you, too. Yes!
Thank you! Oh! Oh! I’m not gonna die in space!
I’m gonna die the way God intended, in my late
50 s, with a heart full of pastrami.
Well, that’s it. My orders have been rescinded. I am
officially no go to space.
Why?
Yeah, so?
Well, their technology isn’t that bad.
All right, well, whatever. I wasn’t worried.
Let me explain the difference between you and me. You
watch Star Trek. I live it.
Make all the jokes you want, but there’s only one
of us here brave enough to almost do what I
almost did.
Hey, I was thinking. For our first dance at the
wedding, what if we learn the final number from Dirty
Dancing?
No, come on. How cool would that be? Me running
into your arms, you lifting me up into the air.
Yeah, well, why wouldn’t I be? You know, I’m marrying
the girl of my dreams, and I finally got my
mother to agree not to come on our honeymoon. Oh,
hang on. Oh, it’s NASA. Wolowitz. Oh! Hi, Dave. What’s
up? No kidding. Really? Well, that’s great news. Great, great
news. All right, I’ll watch my e-mail for the details.
Okay, talk soon.
It looks like I’m going into space after all.
Uh-huh, wonderful. Yay.
Th-They did. But NASA really wants my telescope up on
the space station, so they’re putting me on an earlier
launch.
A week from Friday.
You’re right. I, I can’t go to space. I have
to get married, and no one can say that’s not
a good reason. I’ll call him back.
Well, too bad, you already did. It’s a done deal.
Oh, well. But I forgive you.
But what about all the plans and the guests?
You’re right, he is! Your dad’s gonna be furious. There’s
no way he’s gonna let us postpone this wedding. Well,
we tried.
No. I, uh, I should talk to him, man to
man.
We can only hope… that he doesn’t.
Mr. Rostenkowski, are you busy?
Family pictures, or… holy crap, that’s a dead person.
I’m not sure.
How about that. Anyway, sir, I need to talk to
you about something.
No, thank you. I’m allergic.
From nuts?
Nice story. Anyway, the reason I wanted to talk to
you is NASA has moved up my launch to the
International Space Station.
So, the date is going to conflict with me marrying
your daughter. Now, I know what you’re going to say,
I made a commitment to Bernadette and to your family
and I’ve got a hell of a lot of nerve
coming in here and demanding that we postpone this thing.
Well, message heard and understood. Mission cancelled. Thank you.
I’m sorry. May I be excused?
I’m sorry, I didn’t know, is this going to… Well,
I should sit… May I be seat… Well, I’ll just
sit.
I’m aware of that, sir.
Uh-huh.
Right, right.
Oh, I am. And just so you know, I’d still
be an astronaut, even if I didn’t go to space.
I’ve got an I.D. Card and a NASA golf shirt.
But what about the wedding and all the money you
put down for the reception?
Um, okay.
All right, look, I’m gonna level with you. I’m terrified
about going into space. What if I don’t make it
back?
You really think so?
Hey Mike?
I changed my mind. I don’t want to do this.
Yeah, I’m a funny guy. I also have a hysterical
bit planned for later where I pretend to cry through
the whole launch.
Good! Good! Oh, quick question, I missed it in the
briefing. How much urine do these suits hold?
Check.
No, it’s because I live with my mom and she
makes me Froot Loops.
Thanks, we decided to do it before the launch.
Not exactly. Listen, if you don’t mind, I’m not really
up for chatting. I’m just going to sit here quietly
and let my life flash before my eyes. That went
really quick. Let me try it again.
Close your eyes. Put out your hand. I got you
something special.
No, here.
Okay, but I’m going to have to get it back
from you so I can take it to the International
Space Station. That way, when I come home, you will
have a star that was actually in space.
Take that, every guy who’s ever bought you anything.
Really? Well, if you like it that much, then close
your eyes and put out your hand.
No! When I eat Froot Loops, the other astronauts make
fun of me!
What?
But I’m leaving in two days.
I don’t need to take cereal.
They invented blintzes. I’ll be fine.
Wow. Okay. Let’s get married.
I mean, we know it’s short notice, but we’d love
you all to come with us.
You proposed to Penny?
Did you get down on one knee or were you
already there?
I’m sorry, Ma… Bernadette. Ma… Burna… You’re ma Bernadette.
I got this. Excuse me, but is there any way
you could squeeze us in? See, I’m an astronaut and
I’m leaving for Russia on Sunday so I can take
a Soyuz rocket to the International Space Station.
Uh, shouldn’t you guys be talking about space stuff instead
of dogs?
Thanks.
You know, we could always drive to Vegas and get
married.
I told you we are not recreating the wedding from
The Sound of Music.
Oh, wait to go, Raj.
Okay, so we know we’re going to do it Sunday
morning. Now we need to find a good place for
the satellite to see us.
That’s great.
So, we have the where and the when, but we
still need to figure out who’s going to do the
ceremony.
Leaking? What’s leaking?
There’s fuel leaking and we’re still going to go?
What happens on the tenth time?
Hey, guys, before I forget, I got you a little
groomsman present.
Fantastic Four, annual number three from 1965, in mint condition.
The one where Mr. Fantastic and the Invisible Girl get
married.
What?
Yeah, so?
It’s the groom.
Okay, uh, fine. Bernie, I have to go pick up
my mother. I’ll be right back.
She doesn’t want to sit in her dress and wrinkle
it so I’m going to lay her down in the
back of my neighbour’s van.
Okay, I’ll see you later, Ma… uh… lovely bride-to-be. I
really got to watch that.
Ma, you want to move your chair over here so
you can see?
You’ll fall through the roof before you fall off it.
Bernadette Maryann Rostenkowski.
Hey, from now on, she’s the only women who can
yell at me! Until I met you, I couldn’t imagine
spending my life with just one person. And now I
can’t imagine spending one day of it without you.
I have strongly mixed feelings.
Oy vay!
