Right now, Howard’s staring down at our planet like a
tiny Jewish Greek god. Zeusowitz.
I wonder what he’s doing right this very second.
Peering through his telescope at the birth of the cosmos.
Hey, guys.
I’m all for it.
Hey, uh, if you guys are free tonight, I heard
about a spa where you soak your feet n a
pool full of little fish that eat all the dead
skin right off them. I don’t need to tell you
in Los Angeles, sandal season is year round.
Oh, okay. Sounds like it’s me and you, Sheldon. How
about we sic some guppies on those puppies?
Oh, okay. I’ll just go home and be alone. Which
is cool. I eat alone, I sleep alone, I cry
alone, so, cool.
Really? I can come? Thanks.
Yoo-hoo! Over here!
Sorry I started without you. I’m a little nervous. It’s
been a long time since I’ve been on a date.
You should go to my girl. She’ll knock out those
sideburns for free.
You know, Amy, I don’t even think you and I
have had a real conversation. Let’s use tonight to get
to know each other a little better. You start.
I don’t understand.
It’s your anniversary? Oh, my God, I had no idea.
Amy, please, let me make this right.
My pleasure. Waiter? A bottle of champagne and three glasses.
Oh, boy, isn’t this romantic?
Hello-lo-lo.
I was, but it’s their anniversary and I didn’t want
to be a third wheel, so I figured I’d come
over here and hang out with you and Penny on
your date.
Sweet!
You know, I’m growing to like American football.
Well, it’s not the balls-to-the-wall action of badminton or cricket,
but hey, what is?
No, thank you.
Oh, I’m having the nicest time. You guys are like
family to me. You know that, right?
What? Why?
Oh pish on your issues. You guys are fine. Yes,
you hit some bumps along the way. I mean, Penny,
you’ve always known how this man has felt about you,
but you made him grovel for affection.
Now, don’t blame yourself. He was a groveller from way
back. But the point is, the two of you got
past it. And, Leonard, you go and propose to this
poor girl in the middle of sex? That was some
weak tea, dude.
Yeah, no. But yet, here you two are, still together.
And that’s even after you and I had our crazy
naked night.
I’m just saying that after everything you’ve been through, you
get to look into each other’s eyes and say “I
love you.” And that’s beautiful.
Oh, Penny. That’s ridiculous. You know you love him. You,
you look him in the eyes and you say it.
Oh come on, you know you want to say it.
Say it. Say you love him. Say it!
I really thought she would say it.
Hey, Stuart.
Oh, I’m sorry. I’ll leave.
You sure?
All right. Great.
What are you drinking?
Perfect for the night I’m having. Thank you.
Amen to that. Sometimes I pour a little chardonnay into
my dog’s water bowl.
She’s kind of a mean drunk, but what are you
gonna do?
Cheers.
Sure. Mmm. Bossa nova. You listen to that with your
hips as well as your ears.
Oh. Something about latin music just makes me feel like
I’m on a white sand beach in Rio.
I should go.
Uh, thank you for the drink.
Hey, Stuart.
Do you want to hang out tomorrow night, maybe grab
a bite to eat or catch a late movie?
No problem. My treat. I’ll swing by after work.
Okay.
Hey, buddy, how’s it going up there?
Bye, buddy!
Hey, Stuart, come on in.
What’s the big deal? You guys are bringing your girlfriends.
I didn’t want to sit by myself.
Focused Locust.
So, what are you guys doing later? Stuart and I
were thinking of going out for a drink.
‘Cause that’s what we do.
In case you didn’t follow that, I’m the coffee.
Uh, yeah, last night. He kept making me drop pencils
for him. I got uncomfortable. Hey, Sheldon, hope you’re hungry,
they’re serving macaroni and… che-ee-ee-ese.
Hey, you already got a girlfriend. I call dibs.
Yeah, well, I love her.
Has your, uh, assistant said anything about me?
I’m in her head. Let the dance begin.
Howard’s capsule should be re-entering the atmosphere any minute.
The Fantastic Four reunited.
We’re not kicking him out. Stuart and I have become
good friends.
Okay, the NASA Web site says Howard’s final descent has
begun.
Oh, my God, you’re back. Oh, look at you. You,
you look like you grew.
Oh, uh, come in, come in. Oh, I, uh, I
didn’t think I was going to get to see you
until tomorrow.
Wait, your, your mother is sleeping with your dentist?
So you’re wandering all around by yourself? That’s not the
kind of hero’s welcome an astronaut should come home to.
Just until he gets back on his feet, which are
looking pretty good in the boots I bought him for
his birthday.
Oh, yeah, we hang out all the time.
It’s like we both had these holes in our lives,
but now we fill each other’s holes.
Which part?
Oh, Howard, it’s still our thing. Come with us, we’ll,
we’ll get you a scalped ticket.
We’ll switch. You’ll come sit with me after intermission.
Okay, uh, will I get to see you tomorrow?
Hey, Stuart, I see you’re getting ready for your Halloween
party.
Would you like me to help? I do have a
certain je ne sais quois when it comes to soirees.
You know, you don’t worry about money. I’ll take care
of everything.
Yeah, you’ll love it. Ain’t no party like a Koothra-party.
Before I forget, I’d like your opinion on the menus
I’ve prepared for the Halloween party. The theme is food
that goes bump in the night.
On Sesame seed Bunzillas.
It’s funny because bread sounds like dead.
Ooh, Hallow-weenies! That’s a good one. They’ll pair nicely with
my Draculoni and Cheese. How do I do it?
Space.
So, I thought the photo booth for the party could
either be creepy like a mummy’s tomb, or they also
have the Tardis from Doctor Who.
Do you have a preference?
Oh, by the way, can I borrow your bullwhip and
fedora?
I was thinking of dressing up as Indiana Jones’ mocha-skinned
love child. Indian Jones.
What’s wrong with you?
Oh, Howard, I’ve got a party to plan. Don’t make
me pull it out of you.
No.
It’s called being nice.
Can you believe Stuart’s walking around taking credit for this
party?
What do you mean who cares? Look at what I
pulled off here. The DJ’s on fire, there’s a Tardis
photo booth in the back room, and, oh, my God,
the food. Stuart wanted Kraft Draculoni and cheese.
Is this about the space thing again?
Try to keep up, Howard, I’m killing it.
You’re welcome, ladies.
Dude! I was about to Bollywood this bitch.
I’m not finishing your sentence. You pulled the plug on
my funk.
All right. Crank up the AC, boys, it’s gonna get
hot in here!
I think the next time I have to speak to
a call centre in India, I’m going to try using
an American accent.
Because when I use my regular voice, I feel like
I’m making fun of them.
Dude, my accent is brilliant. Hey, my snow-white American friends,
let’s put some cow meat on the barbecue and eat
it until we’re all obese.
Sheldon, do I really sound like that?
Sheldon, you okay?
The guy’s a genius. Maybe you weren’t challenging enough for
him.
Good Lord, what have I done?
All right, hotshot, let’s hear your Indian.
Okay, yeah, that’s pretty good.
It’ll be okay.
Yeah, but if he’s a sore loser, maybe you’re better
off without him.
So don’t do it.
Then don’t do it.
Wow. An end of an era.
When did you figure out you were allergic to nuts?
What are you drawing over there?
He probably just goes to the bathroom.
It’s sad that you know that.
Twenty minutes a day, completely unaccounted for.
Ooh, this is exciting. Like one of my classic murder
mystery dinner parties.
It was tapenade and you guys suck.
Are you sure? They turn off the lights, and it’s
like a cute little laser show that poops all over
the place.
We just told you.
I don’t know, I’m torn. I want to know where
he’s going, but now I kind of want to play
with the bunny.
Boy, what I wouldn’t give to get her out of
those pants and into something a little more stylish.
I think it’s an old storage room.
Well, he’s not doing twenty-minute abs, because if he were,
he would have way better abs. Can you hear anything?
I’m listening.
I can’t do anything right for you, can I?
He is kind of a weirdo. Maybe he’s got Leonard
Nimoy chained up in there. Or Bill Gates. Or Stephen
Hawking.
Howard, please, you can’t treat the man differently just because
he’s disabled. That’s not okay.
Look at us, sneaking around in the middle of the
night like a couple of cat burglars.
I don’t want to be a ninja, I want to
be a cat burglar.
No, we both have to be the same thing. Okay,
we’re ninjas.
But next time, we’ll be cat burglars.
Are you sure?
It’s locked.
When did you learn how to pick locks?
How did that work out?
Hold on, hold on.
Sheldon is a very smart man, and he obviously wants
to keep this a secret.
What if it’s booby-trapped?
Great, what’s your pl…
Yeah. Huh. Forty-three? What the hell does that mean?
Maybe. It’s a prime number. Encryption systems are built on
prime numbers.
He’s always been very cagey about what he puts in
his egg salad to make it so tasty.
Really? Well, oh, okay, one mystery solved.
Come on, we’re smart guys. We can figure this out.
It’s the atomic number for technetium.
Do you think he’s building a bomb?
Ooh, this could be something. forty-three is the number of
calories in half a cup of fat-free yoghurt.
I’m sorry. We can’t all eat whatever we want and
still stay thin. Wait, in the Hitchhiker’s Guide to the
Galaxy, isn’t forty-three the answer to the question of life,
the universe,and everything?
Hey, hey. Feelings.
Yeah, me, too. We’ve got more important things to do.
Who cares what stupid forty-three means?
Let’s go home. You want to get something to eat?
What the balls is forty-three?
That’s good quality video.
How did you get your hands on that?
Oh, my God, here he comes. This is it.
I don’t know.
Holy crap!
Aah! It’s eating his face!
Sheldon, we’re really sorry.
And what does forty-three mean?
Yeah, well, I know how to make your egg salad
now.
They are, too.
No, you’re displaying a shocking ignorance of the subject matter.
Mummies and zombies are the exact same thing.
That’s called a fashion choice.
Congratulations. Does it have that new car smell?
Why do you have a parking spot? You don’t have
a car. You don’t even drive.
Okay, here’s another one
I didn’t pick up on that. That’s a nice touch.
Hey, got a minute?
Calm down. Howard has something he wants to say to
you.
Howard, that’s not how we practiced it.
Just say it.
Turtle power!
Can we change the subject? Spiders give me the jeebie-jeebies.
I know, but that sounds anti-Semitic. Anyway, I was thinking
we could have a little film festival tonight. The theme,
movies that killed their franchises.
Miss Congeniality 2
What about you, Sheldon? Do you have any plans tonight?
If you don’t want to look foolish doing something, you
should practice. Do you know how many Beef Wellingtons I
made by myself before I invited you guys over? I’ll
give you a hint. You can see them here, here
and here.
No. But if you catch anything, I know how to
steam it in banana leaves.
You got this, buddy.
You can do it.
Mine just took me to his gynecology office. I got
so bored, I’d put vaginal lubricant on the bottom of
my shoes and pretend I was ice-skating.
Yeah, okay, Howard wins.
So, listen, I know we talked about getting a bite
to eat in Silver Lake, and then seeing the Christmas
lights in Griffith Park, but Leonard’s talking about a big
D and D game at his place.
Oh, man, the first monster I see, I’m gonna sneak
up behind him, whip out my wand, and shoot my
magic all over his ass.
No, screw that noise, I’m going in. Hang on, Santa,
I’m coming for you.
But, a cannon? Am I really out of the game?
Wait, doesn’t anyone have a rod of resurrection? Because if
you’ve got one, I need it bad. Get in here
with your rod and give it to me.
Uh, wait, can I come with you? My character died.
Ooh! Girls’ night, girls’ night! Ooh! Ooh!
Can we get another bottle of champagne for the table?
Don’t worry. It’s my treat.
My pleasure, nothing makes me happier than the chance to
spoil a lady. Just ask my dog. My vet says
if I give her any more foie gras, she’s going
to die of gout.
No, no, no, I’m fine.
Stop it. You’re ruining girls’ night.
That’s sweet of you. But what can you do to
help?
Okay. Well, a couple of things. Don’t tell them I
come from money. I want them to love me for
me. They must be insanely hot. Like, nines or tens.
Okay, an eight is acceptable if she’s willing to bring
another eight to the hot tub.
In a New Delhi minute.
Great. I bought her a couple of drinks, and she
gave me her e-mail address.
What?
Why can’t I find someone? I’m smart, I’ve got a
cool job, and my naturally bronzed complexion means I can
pull off mustard yellow in a way most guys can’t.
No, it’s not. She was too beautiful for me.
It’s true. I’m always attracted to women I can’t have.
I do it all the time. I did the same
thing with the two of you.
Well, uh, there was a time when I had a
thing for Penny, and I thought she was into me,
too, because she got drunk and naked and climbed into
bed with me. But apparently I misread those signals.
That was before Penny. I make it a rule to
only fall for one of my friends’ girlfriends at a
time. I’m very old-fashioned that way.
No, not really.
Not that I can think of.
Nope. I guess the heart wants what the heart wants.
Or in this case, doesn’t, I mean, at all. What?
Amy, I’m really sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you.
I understand. In seventh grade, I played Spin the Bottle
and it landed on Alina Shankar. She said if I
came near her, she would break the bottle and cut
me.
Sometimes I get so lonely, I sit on my left
hand until it goes numb, then I put it in
my right hand and pretend I’m holding hands with another
person.
It’s kind of nice to talk to someone who understands
what it feels like to be alone.
But you’re not alone anymore. Now you’ve got Sheldon.
Thank you. I hope she’s half as lovely and amazing
as you are.
Damn it.
Now that I know she doesn’t like me, I’m kind
of into her.
I did the research. Tony the Tiger, Dig’em the Frog,
Cap’n Crunch, Toucan Sam, Count Chocula, Trix the Rabbit, Snap,
Crackle and Pop. Not one cereal mascot is a girl.
It’s a total breakfast sausage fest.
Almost. Franken Berry, Boo Berry, Sugar Bear and the Honey
Nut Cheerio bee, I believe his name is Buzz.
How could you do that to me? You know I’ve
been working it with Alex for weeks.
I talk with my eyes.
Oh, my God. You’re loving this.
I both hate you and want to be you. This
is Ryan Gosling all over again.
Leonard stole my woman, and he knew full well I
was only six to eight months away from making my
move.
Your assistant is totally hitting on this jerk and he
loves it.
I say you tell Alex your heart belongs to Penny,
I provide her a shoulder to cry on, and then
roughly half a year later I give it to her
good.
Huh. That is so strange. Human Resources wants to talk
to me tomorrow. Could you stop licking your ass for
two minutes? I have a problem here.
How else am I supposed to talk to the Human
Resources lady?
I did. The guy at the liquor store said this
stuff tastes great in coffee.
I feel like I’ve been called down to the principal’s
office. Although I wouldn’t mind if Brown Sugar suspended me.
From a sex swing. This may have been a mistake.
Well, this is all your fault.
If you weren’t screwing around with Sheldon’s assistant, none of
this would be happening.
Oh, of course not. She was just sniffing around your
goods because she was hunting for truffles.
Yeah, yeah, me, too. I didn’t do anything.
Howard built a sex robot.
That is so cool.
You know, we’re not that far from Vazquez Rocks.
Great idea. I haven’t had a carbohydrate in two weeks.
These cheekbones need to be in front of a camera
before I eat a pretzel and they’re gone.
And we’re blending, and we’re blending, and we’re done.
I say we begin with a classic Star Trek fight
scene.
Phasers on the Borg! Charlie’s Angels.
Now let’s do some sexy glamour shots. I’ll set the
mood. Oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz,
oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, Yeah, nice one,
oontz, oontz. That’s right. Oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz,
oontz…
Stop!
I’ll call 911. What, oh, no, my phone is in
my other pants.
What is wrong with people? Why don’t they stop?
Wool pants in the desert. I feel like I’ve got
poached testicles.
Insurance is gonna buy you a new car. It’s not
gonna de-funk my junk.
And about three hundred dollars worth of makeup, so this
thief could look like anyone right now.
It, it is. It’s not just comic books. They’ve got
action figures, toys, a Tron-themed dance party.
Great. We can still make it to Comic-Con.
Don’t be like that. Come on, Howard, talk to him.
Fine, then I guess it’s two against two. How do
we decide?
What? What about the mission? You said we were a
real-life landing party.
Okay. Did we at least rent the car from Enterprise?
Get it? Enterprise? Screw you. That’s funny.
Are they actually arguing about comic books?
If it’s an alternate dimension, sounds like a job for
a landing party.
So, I found this Web site where you send them
pictures, they sculpt your head and make an action figure
out of you. How awesome is that?
Yeah, you can pick your wardrobe. You can even choose
your accessories.
What do you think, Sheldon? Want an action figure that
looks just like you?
No.
They’re here. Our action figures have arrived. This is the
best five hundred dollars I’ve ever spent.
Say hello to an exact scale model of me. Oh,
I’m not dark chocolate. I’m melt-in-your-mouth caramel.
This sucks.
You! Always bet on black.
It’s only a waste of money if we don’t play
with them. He’s right, dawg.
You know, there is a way we can get action
figures to look exactly like us.
Two words, 3-D printer. Wait, maybe it’s three words. No,
hang on. Okay, one word, a letter and a number
and maybe a hyphen. 3-D printer.
Of course you have. They’re an engineer’s dream. Anything you
can design, a 3-D printer can make out of plastic.
Oh, come on. You deserve one. You’ve worked hard to
find a woman who makes a lot of money.
Oh, true. They’re practically giving them away. You know, in
exchange for money.
Not to mention Malibu Koothrappali and his totally bitchin’ dream
house.
Really, smart guy? Where’s he supposed to park his sweet
little Corvette?
I think this thing was made in China.
Ooh, I, I think it’s done. Oh, it worked. We
printed a whistle.
And we made it in only three hours. Sounds just
like store-bought.
Oh, I wish I was in better shape.
Oh, okay, great. Now I can look like Val Kilmer
as Batman instead of Val Kilmer as he looks today.
Are you sure you want to do this? Give up
your half of the 3-D printer?
Wow, that’s harsh.
Aren’t you gonna eat lunch?
Here you go.
What, you don’t say thank you?
Well, then, I should tell you I broke the wheel
and the handle. So, is everyone from Bernadette’s company going
to Vegas?
Cool. Did she discover a cure for something?
Is there a good anal leakage?
Way to make lemonade. You know, from around the corner
where fudge is made.
Sure.
Dumped her? What, did he use a forklift? Sorry. There’s
nothing funny about morbid obesity.
Dude, I’m a single man. Saturday night is my party
night.
I don’t know, maybe drive down to Hollywood, hit a
few hot spots, see if I can get lucky.
What time should I be at your mother’s?
No, thank you, Mrs. Wolowitz. As it is, I’m going
to have to carry my stomach out of here like
I’m a fireman rescuing an infant.
Well, I, I really couldn’t. But, uh, I’ve had a
lovely time eating your brisket and hearing about the things
you’ve had removed from your body over the years. Didn’t
know you could have a cyst inside another cyst.
That would be lovely. Thank you. Mrs. Wolowitz, uh, are
you okay?
I, uh, I suppose I could stay for some dessert.
Sure.
Hello?
Okay, I guess.
Actually, I’m still here.
Yeah. Uh, after dinner, we watched a rerun of Rockford
Files, and then she opened a bottle of, uh, cream
sherry, and the next thing I know, she was tucking
me into your bed.
Mm-hmm. How do you sleep in these things? Silk pajamas
on satin sheets? I slid out of the bed, like,
three times.
Oh, boy. Breakfast.
But I have a cream sherry hangover and I smell
blintzes.
Oh, Howard, stop.
You’re being silly. I can leave whenever I want.
They’re on the chair, right over… Oy vey.
You were right. I can’t get out of here.
I’m trapped. My clothes have been in the laundry all
day, and she hid my keys. I think they might
be in her bra, because she jingles when she walks.
What do I do?
Come on, Howard, help me.
Oh, my God. She’s not gonna bathe me, is she?
But, Howard…
No!
Everything okay?
Hey, Stuart, you got anything going on for Valentine’s Day?
Oh, well, I was going to spend the night with
my special little lady, but, uh, she got worms, and
then I had to take her to the vet.
Well, uh, how about you keep the store open late,
and we throw a party for all the people who
don’t have dates?
Yeah, the theme will be that the greatest love a
man can have is the love he has with himself.
It’s nice that all the people who are lonely on
Valentine’s Day can come here tonight and be together.
Except on a date with anybody.
You know, you and I have so much fun hanging
out. If you were a girl, all our problems would
be solved.
Oh, yeah, think about it. We’d hang out, we’d read
comic books, we’d see movies. It’d be like the best
relationship ever.
Then I’d take you home, slip off your little black
dress and just pile-drive you into oblivion.
We’re glad you could make it.
What is it about this holiday that makes people so
unhappy?
I got to tell you, we’ve got to stop beating
ourselves up like this. Excuse me, everybody. Can I have
your attention, please? We’re all here tonight because we have
no one to be with. But that doesn’t make us
mutants. The only mutants here are in these comic books.
We’ve got to stop defining our self-worth by whether or
not we’re in a relationship. You know what I see
when I look around? I see a room full of
great people. So let’s give ourselves a break. We are
a community, and as long as we have each other,
we’re never truly alone.
You really think so?
Thank you. Uh, would you like to, uh, get a
cup, a cup of coffee or…?
Later, losers!
So then I went to Cambridge, which was wonderful not
only because it’s a good school but because it totally
looks like Hogwarts. That’s where I fell in love with
astronomy, and now I’m an astrophysicist at Caltech, so I
guess you could say, uh, Raj is my name and
stars are my game. And rhyming is also my game.
So, uh, two games. Uh, anyway, that, that’s enough about
me. I want to hear everything about you.
I go to the bathroom, too. Sometimes more frequently than
I care to admit. Oh, I’ve had it checked out,
it’s nothing. Hmm. This is going great. Mmm, can I
have a refill on my chai tea? Yes, I have
a good feeling about this. I should have bought condoms.
Go away!
Oh, just because I’ve stopped going to work and answering
my phone you think something bad happened? Maybe something good
happened.
Of course not. Nothing good ever happens.
What?
I was humiliated by yet another woman.
No. I took her for coffee, and she snuck out
the bathroom window to get away from me.
I went and looked. It was a high and tiny
window. She must have been very motivated.
Why not? With online shopping and overnight delivery, I can
get anything I want. Look, I just ordered a case
of Dinty Moore beef stew and two live lobsters on
Amazon.
You’re wasting your time. Just please, leave me alone.
I don’t want to celebrate.
Why would I want her number? I don’t want anything
to do with this woman.
No, you don’t get it. I want nothing to do
with any woman. My heart is stone. From now on,
I’m a monk. I renounce all worldly pleasures. Except for
lobster. And garlic butter.
You’re, you’re a good friend for trying to help, but,
I’ve made my choice.
See you. No, wait, take her number. I don’t want
the temptation.
I must be strong so I don’t stray from my
true purpose, the study of the universe.
Wait! Give me the number! Give me the number! Give
me the number!
Just a sec. Oh, who says just a sec? I
hate myself. Hello.
Uh, would you like to come in?
Oh.
Wait. Can you at least tell me what went wrong?
It’s okay. I can take anything. Unless it’s something I
did, or said, or am. ‘Cause those are, like, my
buttons.
Really? Then what were you doing at the comic book
store that night?
Yeah, me neither.
I lied. I love them. I only said that so
you’d go out with me.
That’s great. I’m broken, too.
Oh, I totally am. If it wasn’t for this beer,
I couldn’t even talk to you right now. I’m a
wreck. There are many things seriously wrong with me. And
not quirks, either. Like, diagnosable psychological problems. Maybe brain damage.
Go out with me on one date, and I promise
you, you’ll see.
You won’t regret it. I’m the most pathetic guy you’ve
ever met. And that, boys and girls, is how it’s
done.
Thanks again for letting me crash girls’ night.
Anyway, I was hoping I could, uh, pick your brains
a little. I’m supposed to take Lucy out Friday and
I need a killer first date.
Uh, Lucy has some, uh, social anxiety issues. Maybe we
could start with something simpler.
Mm, Disneyland? I don’t know. With all the crowds and
the weird characters walking around, just reminds me too much
of India.
Excuse me, I thought we were trying to solve my
problem?
I am a man who can’t talk to women, trying
to figure out how to go on a romantic date
with a girl who suffers from such crippling social anxiety
she can’t be around other people.
Excuse me, I’m meeting a girl here. It’s kind of
our first date.
She and I are both a little awkward in social
situations, so this seemed like a good idea.
No, you can’t join us. Just go, go climb back
up whatever beanstalk you came down from.
As you’re reading, it will help to remember I have
an adorable accent.
My dad’s a gynaecologist in India, so if you’re over
there and need a check up, as he likes to
say, he’s at your cervix.
That’s a fitting pun-ishment. I still don’t know what you
do for a living.
Anything I might have seen?
No, never. What is porn?
Ooh, fun. I love prom. The romance, the gowns, it’s
like a fairy tale come to life. Sorry. Autocorrect. That
was supposed to say, I like sports.
This was really fun.
I’m counting that as foreplay.
These spring rolls are amazing. Good job, Bernadette.
Oh, well, I’m sure they wouldn’t have tasted nearly as
good if I hadn’t tried your food first.
Dude, you made the right choice coming to me for
help with this party.
Well, put your mind at ease. I’m here to make
sure your dinner party kicks Howard’s dinner party’s ass. Now,
the first thing we need is a theme. I’m thinking,
ah, turn-of-the-century Moulin Rouge.
So your theme is I saw a rerun of Mad
Men and bought some crab puffs from Trader Joe’s? Hate
to miss that.
Well, come on, we won’t tell anyone.
Yeah, it’s nice to get dressed up once in a
while.
Of course.
Shame on all of you.
Couldn’t leave him one friend, could you?
If you want, we could tell you.
Okay, um, It was a card for your 18 th
birthday. Inside it said, Happy birthday, Howard. I love you.
Dad. Oh, and it was a Far Side card, the
one where the frog has its tongue stuck to the
underside of an airplane. Thinks it’s a fly. Silly frog.
So funny.
Yeah,
I agree. That is, if you’ve never been to or
heard of a party before.
Only if you’re this jellyfish which periodically reverts to a
mass of undifferentiated protoplasm.
Hey.
Well, I believe people do their best work when they
feel safe and secure.
Yeah, me neither. It should be about the work. And
if I can’t get tenure, I’d like to see you
or Sheldon get it.
It would be nice to have the increased income. Stop
taking money from my parents.
You have no idea. They buy me a new BMW
for my birthday but can I get seat warmers? No.
Rajesh, if you want a warm butt, you’re gonna have
to pay for it yourself. Well, maybe I will, old
man.
And I will return to New Delhi in triumph atop
a bejeweled white elephant. And you know what will be
on that elephant’s back? A seat warmer. No, Father, you
may not have a ride.
Good day, Mrs. Davis. This is Dr. Rajesh Koothrappali from
the astrophysics department. Don’t be alarmed, I’m not really in
space. Anyhoo, I’d like to take this opportunity to tell
you about myself, so sit back, relax and enjoy the
following 90-minute video.
Born in New Delhi, the third son of an itinerant
gynecologist, I showed early signs of genius. At the age
of five I discovered a celestial object which later turned
out to be the moon.
Where have you been?
I don’t know.
Come on, Daddy. All the other scientists have seat warmers.
This is so humiliating. I’ve got to get tenure. Okay,
let’s meet halfway. How about I cut my cleaning lady
down to twice a week? Looks like we’re both going
to be living like animals.
Unbelievable. You have some nerve showing up here just to
schmooze with the tenure committee.
Excuse me. I’m here to pay my respects to Professor
Tupperware, or whatever his name is.
I have a thick accent. You don’t know what I
said.
You two should be ashamed of yourselves. Using women to
advance your cause with sexuality, and whatever Amy plans on
doing.
Yes.
Well, now it’s biguous. What are you gonna do about
it?
You’re right. This is beneath me. Lie your mother was
last night.
Yeah, screw it. I’m going in.
Whatever. I can see my little princess while I’m at
work, right?
Wait, hold on. This is weird.
I was Googling that girl I’ve been dating, and I
found her blog.
She said she recently went on a date with a
guy named Roger? And he’s Indian? And he’s an astrophysicist,
too?
Yes, Mummy was right. American girls are sexually voracious devils.
Oh. I always thought, if I had a white name,
it would be Gavin.
No, no, I don’t know if I should. If she
wanted me to know about her blog, she would’ve told
me. It’s almost like I’m reading her diary.
No, this is creepy.
It’s not creepy. Don’t listen to him. Oh, look who’s
got the sweetest kisses.
Do you think I’m feminine?
Thanks a lot.
I broke down, and I read Lucy’s blog, and in
one of the entries she said, when we first met,
I struck her as a little feminine.
I have to talk to her about this.
Well, that doesn’t seem fair.
No, it’s not. I’ve always thought that was unfair.
Why do you have to make everything so filthy? Why
couldn’t you just say the blog is like her giving
me the key to her heart?
I was quoting a man who knows a thing or
two about women, Sir Elton John.
Uh, Lucy’s coming over. I need some advice.
Just tell me which one you think is more manly.
This hockey jersey or this football jersey.
Good, black is more slimming. Oh, that’s her. I got
to go be butch. Toodles. Hey.
Come in.
Yeah, well, I wouldn’t get too close. If I give
the right command in German, she’ll rip your face off.
Thanks. I love hockey.
Not Brian Boitano, that’s for sure. How’s your burrito?
Probably because I didn’t read the instructions. No wrapper’s going
to tell me what to do. Unless his name is
Jay-Z.
What do you mean?
I don’t know. Maybe it’s all those steroids I’ve been
taking.
Wait, wait. I, I found your blog here you wrote
about me.
No kidding. You didn’t make it easy to find. I
spent hours digging around online. For the record, you have
excellent credit scores. And your diabetic aunt seems to be
adjusting to her new leg just fine.
You called me feminine. And I, I wanted you to
think I was more manly.
I do have a pretty balls-to-the-wall moisturising regimen.
Yeah.
No. Bought this at the Staples Center when I went
to see Taylor Swift.
Hey, I just found out I have to be at
the telescope lab all weekend. Any chance you and Bernadette
could take care of my dog?
Why don’t you put your mother in a home?
Thank you.
Uncle Howard. Cinnamon’s here for her sleepover party.
And it would be my pleasure to be her num-num.
It’s very simple. For breakfast, she has an egg-white frittata.
Feel free to give her a choice of home fries
or an English muffin, but not both. We’re watching our
weight. Uh, for dinner, something simple, a veal chop, some
scampi, whatever you like.
Yes. Also, don’t forget to close the toilet or she’ll
drink out of it.
Hello? What do you mean, you found my dog? She’s
with my friends. Is she okay? Oh, thank you. Uh,
just text me your address, I’m on my way. Oh,
and if she’s hungry, go ahead and feed her. But
do not give her anything starchy. She’s having risotto for
dinner.
Hmm. Interesting. Did they take a walk down Liars’ Lane?
A lane frequented by liars. Like you, you big liar.
Well, I trusted you, and you let me down. The
poor thing’s been shaking for hours.
Yes. I picked her up, and then we both went
for massages to try and calm down. And then we
got Pinkberry.
Well, I, I thought about…
Sorry. I, I just…
Anything can happen.
I got my new bloodthirsty savage warrior who will lay
waste to all who stand before him. And I had
a sensible salad for lunch, so I can eat all
the pizza I want.
I’m actually glad Lucy had to work tonight. Saved me
the awkward conversation about how I was gonna be hanging
with my bros.
Painfully so. We have this rule on the phone that
if no one talks for three minutes, you can just
hang up. So into her.
Hey, come on, guys, focus. Um, uh, oh, mighty Nicolas
Cage tree, we thank you for your warning, but we
are brave warriors, and nothing short of death will keep
us from our goal. Oh, Lucy’s free after all. See
ya.
You’re right, I should finish the game. I take my
plus-one long sword, stab myself in the face with it.
I’m dead, I’ve got a date with a girl. Bye.
I’m very happy you were able to hang out tonight.
Not that it’s up to you to make me happy.
Uh, well, unless you find neediness sexy. In which case,
you’re about to have dinner with the hottest man on
the planet.
Really?
I, uh, I’m sorry to put you through that.
What else have you been thinking about doing?
I like your bangs.
What else?
Mm, yeah. Those are both toughies.
How are your crab cakes?
That’s great.
No, no. Uh, you’ve always wanted to send your food
back in a restaurant, here’s your chance.
Don’t be ridiculous. Waiter?
Hold on. Isn’t there something else you wanted to tell
him?
Don’t be silly. Just tell him.
Uh, yeah, sorry. She’s just a little shy. The first
time we met, she was so nervous, she climbed out
a bathroom window to get away from me.
Lucy?
You don’t know me very well, but each time you
crawl out a bathroom window to escape my company, it
chips away at my masculinity.
Why would you leave like that?
Okay, if I upset you, then why didn’t you just
say something?
Yeah, well, I like you a lot, and that’s scary
for me. Mostly because you’re a proven flight risk.
Well, uh, for one thing, you have bigger emotional problems
than I do, and I find that very attractive in
a woman. I, I don’t know. I just, I think
you’re wonderful.
So, anyway, last night on video chat, I spent, like,
twenty minutes just staring into Lucy’s eyes.
It was until I realized the screen had frozen. Still
one of my top three dates of all time.
I’d love that, but she’s not really comfortable around people.
Hey, don’t discourage him. This is a fantastic opportunity.
If you look carefully at Venus, you should be able
to see the International Space Station pass by.
Yeah. He brought me back a T-shirt that said My
Friend Went to the Space Station and All I Got
Was This Lousy T-Shirt
Nope. It’s exactly as lousy as advertised. Speaking of friends,
they have been asking to meet you. I was thinking
maybe we could all hang out sometime?
Let’s see. Six. That’s pretty cool, I have six friends.
Kind of like Sinatra.
Okay, how about you just dip your toe in and
meet one of them?
Of course.
Okay. I have a request to make.
The only person allowed inside this head is Dr. Phil.
Anyway, I, I spoke to my new lady friend about
meeting you all, and she thought it would be easier
for her to start with just one.
Actually, I was thinking Leonard.
You are, but you’ve got kind of a big personality,
with your flashy clothes and your Woody Allen swagger.
Good idea. Bernadette?
Well, you’re very pretty. That could be intimidating to another
woman.
Why? So you can make jokes about cutting open my
brain?
Oh, Lucy, you don’t have to answer that. Don’t put
her on the spot. She hates that. Am I right?
Tell her how much you hate being put on the
spot. Go ahead, tell her.
What the? Are you crazy? You can’t talk about social
anxiety to someone who has social anxiety. It makes them
socially anxious!
Don’t call her my girlfriend. We haven’t discussed whether or
not we’re girlfriend or boyfriend yet. Now that it’s out
there, are you my girlfriend? By the way, if you
say no, I’ll never be happy again. Not to put
you on the spot.
We might as well go ahead and eat. She’s not
coming back anytime soon.
Hey.
I want to apologize for Amy last night. She was
completely out of line. Are you, are you not speaking
to me or did the screen freeze again?
Okay. I know. It was me. I, I pushed too
hard. I’m sorry.
You know, I, I’ve been thinking that maybe meeting somebody
one-on-one is too intense, so Friday night, my friends are
having a party.
A little one. It’s, it’s a farewell for Leonard, so
all the attention will be on him. If you wear
something brown and sit on the couch, they won’t even
know you’re there.
Oh, please?
Come on. Don’t make me beg. And I’m from India,
so I know how to do it.
Yeah, thank you! This means a lot to me. My
friends are like my family. Unless you don’t like them,
in which case, they’re dead to me.
She is. She’s just running a little late. You know
how it is, girls always fussing about their hair, their
makeup. She’ll be here. Just give it a rest, okay?
Oh, no.
Uh, go ahead. Read it.
Excuse me.
Hang on.
That’s, that’s very nice of you. Uh, come, come. Come
on in.
No.
No. It’s my fault. You know, I finally found someone
who was right for me, and I, I drove her
away.
Penny, I, I miss her already.
What’s like, what is wrong with me? Why, why can’t
I ever have love?
No, I, I won’t. I’m, I’m unlovable.
No, it’s not. I haven’t had a drink since last
night.
I am. And now I’m crying for a whole different
reason!
So I guess what I’m saying is I get where
Lucy’s coming from.
Uh, no, water’s fine. Anyhow, I’ve been thinking about it
a lot and, and I totally see why Lucy did
what she did. I pushed too hard. But you know
what? If I back off and give her enough space,
maybe there’s still a future for us. Yeah, the funny
thing about life is that, you know, sometimes…
… but then it turns good again, and that means
it’s better than if it had never been bad for
a while. I know that now, thing’s aren’t good, they
are in fact very very bad but at least my
heart is starting to heal. Slowly but surely. And oh
how I cried. It was like a little, uh, thunderstorm
on my face. But I’m a man, okay? So I
need to pull myself together, pick up a pen and
get it all out in my journal. I mean, it’s
not all bad, right? Having my heart broken has allowed
me to finally speak in front of you, so, you
know, a silver lining….
