I don’t know what Arctic expedition you guys were on,
but I thought it was a hoot and a half.
Oh, hi mom. No, I told you I’d call you
when I got home, I’m not home yet. Alright, I’m
home. The Arctic expedition was a remarkable success, I’m all
but certain there’s a Nobel Prize in my future. Actually,
I shouldn’t say that. I’m entirely certain. No, mother, I
could not feel your church group praying for my safety.
The fact that I’m home safe is not proof that
it worked, that logic is Post Hoc Ergo Propter Hoc.
No, I’m not sassing you in Eskimo talk.
Mother, I have to go. Yeah, love you. Bye. Hello,
old friend. Daddy’s home.
I just want you both to know, when I publish
my findings, I won’t forget your contributions.
Of course, I can’t mention you in my Nobel acceptance
speech, but when I get round to writing my memoirs
you can expect a very effusive footnote, and perhaps a
signed copy.
Tell me what?
You fellows are planning a party for me, aren’t you?
If there’s going to be a theme, I should let
you know that I don’t care for luau, toga or
under the sea.
If this is about the night the heat went out,
there’s nothing to be embarrassed about.
So we slept together naked. It was only to keep
our core body temperatures from plummeting.
Oh, yes. In the world of emoticons, I was colon,
capital D.
You tampered with my experiment?
Did Leonardard know about this? Leonardard’s my best friend in
the world. Surely Leonardard didn’t know.
Of course it was. The whole plan reeks of Leonardard.
Leonardard. Leonardard. Leonardard.
Whispering do not make a sound is a sound.
Pennyy. Pennyy. Pennyy.
Hello, Pennyy. I realize you’re currently at the mercy of
your primitive biological urges, but as you have an entire
lifetime of poor decisions ahead of you, may I interrupt
this one?
Wolowitz has informed me of your grand deception. Do you
have anything to say for yourself?
What’s going on is I was led to believe I
was making groundbreaking strides in science, when in fact, I
was being fed false data at the hands of Wolowitz,
Koothrappali and your furry little boy toy.
That seems like a bit of an overreaction.
Yes, but the actual results are unsuccessful and I’ve already
sent an e-mail to everyone at the university explaining that
I have confirmed string theory and forever changed man’s understanding
of the universe.
You’re right, Leonardard, it’s not a big deal. All you
did was lie to me destroy my dream and humiliate
me in front of the whole university. That, FYI, was
sarcasm. I, in fact, believe it is a big deal
About what? Being betrayed by my friends? Spending three months
at the North Pole for nothing? And I didn’t even
get to go to Comic-Con!
That’s for when I’m sick. Sad is not sick.
I don’t have a sad song. I’m not a child.
Really? Did you just have the Nobel Prize in waitressing
stolen from you?
Are you saying that you think a celebration pie is
even remotely comparable to a Nobel Prize?
And on a different, but not unrelated topic, based on
your current efforts to buoy my spirits, do you truly
believe that you were ever fit to be a cheer
leader?
I missed Comic-Con and the new Star Trek movie!
Because I am without friends. Like the proverbial cheese, I
stand alone. Even while seated.
It’s going to take more than I’m sorry and a
store-bought apology pie from Pennyy to make up for what
you’ve done to me.
You see? People have been pointing and laughing at me
all morning.
All right, I’ve had enough. Attention, everyone. I’ m Dr.
Sheldondon Cooper. As many of you in the physics department
might know, my career trajectory has taken a minor detour.
My credibility may have been damaged…
But I would like to remind you that in science,
there’s no such thing as failure. There once was a
man who referred to his prediction of a cosmological constant
as the single biggest blunder of his career. That man’s
name was, surprise, surprise, Albert Einstein.
Oh, you think you’re so clever. Well, let me just
tell you, while I do not currently have a scathing
retort, you check your e-mail periodically for a doozy.
Thanks, Mom.
Aw, Mom.
Fed.
Bread.
Grateful.
Plateful.
My objection was based on considerations other than difficulty.
Thank you for carving a smiley face in my grilled
cheese sandwich.
They’re not my friends.
That was different. They were threatened by my intelligence and
too stupid to know that’s why they hated me.
What are they doing here?
Evolution isn’t an opinion, it’s fact.
I forgive you. Let’s go home.
Howardrd, you know me to be a very smart man.
Don’t you think if I were wrong, I’d know it?
I’m not crazy. My mother had me tested.
I did.
Perhaps what Leonardard is obliquely referring to is the occurrence
of some sort of sexual dysfunction.
Oh, a clever, albeit obsolete, euphemism for insufficient blood flow
to the male sex organ.
Excuse me, Wolverine: Origin. Miniseries issue two, page 22. Retractable
bone claws. If you people spent less time thinking about
sex and more time concentrating on comic books, we’d have
far fewer of these embarrassing moments.
Tandoori Palace?
You’re good-naturedly ribbing me, aren’t you?
Why? Why would we change? We had a perfectly good
palace. Tandoori Palace is our palace.
I know. As I’m sure you’re aware…
If that’s Morse code, that’s terrible. As I was saying,
you and Leonardard had a disappointing sexual encounter. Earlier this
evening, Leonardard characterized it as just fine. So what you’re
seeing here is a continuation of the mocking that followed.
I sense I may have crossed some sort of line.
Is this it? It was inappropriate to discuss Leonardard and
Pennyy’s sex life in front of Leonardard and Pennyy. Oh,
good! Now I can eat.
Hang on. Based on the number of chirps per minute
and the ambient temperature in this room, it is a
snowy tree cricket.
In 1890, Emile Dolbear determined that there was a fixed
relationship between the number of chirps per minute of the
snowy tree cricket and the ambient temperature. A precise relationship
that is not present with ordinary field crickets.
Under the terms of my roommate agreement with Leonardard, I’ve
had unilateral control of the thermostat ever since the sweaty
night of ’06.
Howardrd, don’t embarrass yourself, the science chirps for itself. Humorous
word play.
That is a snowy tree cricket. Oecanthus fultoni. I was
done with Latin by fifth grade.
I can’t take your money.
I’ve always found that an inappropriate slur. Chickens are not,
by nature, at all timid. In fact, when I was
young, my neighbour’s chicken got loose and chased me up
the big elm tree in front of our house.
Thank God.
Fair enough. What stake do you propose?
All right, you have a wager.
I don’t see anything.
One at a time. What was that?
Help me open it.
Fine, if you don’t want to proceed, then you forfeit
the bet, and I’ll take possession of your Fantastic Four.
Are you bothered that I can so easily manipulate you?
Oh, really? Well, I grew up with an older brother
and a very contentious twin sister and I believe I
could easily best you in any physical confrontation, be it
noogies, swirlies or the classic why are you hitting yourself?
If I were not being careful, your telling me to
be careful would not make me careful.
Uh-oh, flashlight went out. I need some batteries. Fellas? Hello?
It’s really dark down here.
His name isn’t Toby. Toby is an absurd name for
a cricket.
An appropriate cricket name. For example, Jiminy.
Hang on. Voilà, the snowy tree cricket, aka Oecanthus fultoni,
which is Latin for I’ll suck nothing. Of course I’m
joking because the Latin for that is nihil exsorbibo.
Obviously another carnal fiasco with the shiksi goddess.
Forgive me. Yiddish was not spoken in east Texas. And
if it was, it wasn’t spoken for long.
We haven’t established that I’m wrong once.
He’s a snowy tree cricket, and his name is Jiminy.
Interesting. You’re afraid of insects and women. Ladybugs must render
you catatonic. It was a joke. I made it to
lessen your discomfort. You’re welcome
Excuse me, are you Professor Crawley?
I’m Dr. Cooper from the Physics Department.
I’m sorry?
No, no. We’re here, let’s settle this. Professor, can you
identify our cricket?
Told you.
No, no, wait. Dr. Crawley, are you sure?
Cruel as that may be, that is not in itself
a credential.
Well, apparently, I was wrong. Congratulations.
Old comic book. I just retrieved it from my safe
deposit box.
Old comic books. I lost this to Wolowitz in an
ill-considered cricket wager.
Pennyy, I’d rather not talk about it.
Why would that make me feel better?
Yes, yes, the disappointing sex. That’s an inexact parallel. You
and Leonardard can always return to being friends, whereas I
can never return to a state in which Wolowitz has
not bested me like Mrs. Riley’s chicken.
A chicken that was owned by Mrs. Riley.
Well, I wish I could.
Of course I’m right What are the odds I’d be
wrong twice in one week?
I just said that. This conversation has started to circle.
Meeting adjourned.
Hello.
Oh, you’d like to catch up on the events of
the day. All right. Well, there was a half-hour wait
at the bank to get into my safe deposit box,
I was forced to talk to Pennyy about your sexual
problems, and, oh, yes, in a moment filled with biblical
resonance, pride wenteth before my fall, causing my Flash 123
to goeth to Wolowitz.
Leonardard, it astonishes me how you continually fixate on the
trivial. I lost a bet to Wolowitz.
Yes.
Hardly.
Have I crossed some sort of line again?
Hmm. Oh, who cares?
No.
Pennyy, while I subscribe to the many worlds theory which
posits the existence of an infinite number of Sheldondons in
an infinite number of universes, I assure you that in
none of them am I dancing.
The math would suggest that in a few I’m a
clown made of candy. But I don’t dance.
It’s Oatmeal Day.
Dear Lord, are you still going to be here on
French Toast Day?
Look, Leonardard, Pennyy made French toast.
It’s an iCal download, she can put it right in
her phone. And I thought we agreed that you’d have
your conjugal visits in her apartment.
I see. Did her abysmal housekeeping skills finally trump her
perkiness?
That doesn’t seem likely. Her bed’s of sturdy construction. Even
the addition of a second normal size human being wouldn’t
cause a structural failure, much less a homunculus such as
yourself.
I want oatmeal.
I’m sure that will happen soon enough. But in the
meantime, I still want oatmeal.
I can’t be impossible. I exist. I believe what you
meant to say is, “I give up, he’s improbable.”
What am I supposed to do, eat French toast on
a Monday? Now, that would be impossible.
You can catch even more flies with manure. What’s your
point?
Boy, that does smell good. Too bad it’s Monday.
Easily calculable, we begin by identifying the set of married
couples with unisex names. We then eliminate those unqualified for
restaurant work, the aged, the imprisoned and the limbless, for
example. Next we look at…
I’m sorry. Ooh, Pennyy, it’s as if the Cheesecake Factory
is run by witches.
Well, thank you. How thoughtful. Would you like a chocolate
You said be nice to Pennyy. I believe offering chocolate
to someone falls within the definition of nice.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than
are dreamt of in your philosophy.
You know, I’ve always wanted to go to a goth
nighclub.
Bazinga! None of you ever see my practical jokes coming,
do you?
Did you? I didn’t notice. Have a chocolate.
And it’s not a cartoon, it’s anime.
You’re here a lot now.
Thank you. Chocolate?
Really?
Very good. Chocolate?
Actually, it turns out I can.
There’s just no pleasing you, is there, Leonardard? You weren’t
happy with my previous approach to dealing with her, so
I decided to employ operant conditioning techniques, building on the
work of Thorndike and B.F. Skinner. By this time next
week, I believe I can have her jumping out of
a pool, balancing a beach ball on her nose.
I’m not suggesting we really make her jump out of
a pool. I thought the “bazinga” was implied. I’m just
tweaking her personality, sanding off the rough edges if you
will.
Are you saying that I’m forbidden from applying a harmless,
scientifically valid protocol that will make our lives better?
Bad Leonardard.
Obviously, waitressing at the Cheesecake Factory is a complex socioeconomic
activity, that requires a great deal of analysis and planning.
Bazinga! You know, using positive reinforcement techniques, I could train
that behaviour out of her in a week.
If you let me use negative reinforcement, I can get
it done before we go to bed.
No, of course not. We’re talking very mild electric shocks.
No tissue damage whatsoever.
Oh, come on, you can’t tell me that you’re not
intrigued about the possibility of building a better girlfriend.
You mean, like that high-pitched, irritating laugh?
You wouldn’t prefer a throaty chuckle?
No, that would be incongruous, I was going to lower
the whole voice to a more pleasing register.
Come again?
Freaky?
Have a chocolate.
Well, I’m going to make some warm milk and then
turn in. I trust if you two are planning in
engaging in amorous activites, you’ll keep the decibel level to
a minimum.
Thank you.
Interesting. Sex works even better than chocolate to modify behaviour.
I wonder if anyone else has stumbled on to that.
This movie baffles me every time we watch it.
Well, the instructions are very clear, don’t feed the gremlins
after midnight, don’t get the gremlins wet. How hard is
that?
Yes. Since their relationship became carnal, Pennyy has upgraded his
designated term of endearment, thus distinguishing him from those she
calls sweetie, usually in an attempt to soften a thinly-veiled
insult.
Although, sometimes, she omits the veil entirely.
The parade.
Will you be serving cranberry jelly or cranberry sauce?
You guess? You don’t seem to have much of a
handle on this.
I believe it means that the U.S. Government is going
to expel him from the country. He could then either
return to his native India, emigrate to another country that’s
willing to accept him, or wander the high seas as
a stateless pirate. Personally, I’d choose pirate.
Another reason to consider a life of piracy. Even today,
I understand that’s an all-male profession.
And you’ve continued to take the university’s money under false
pretences? Highly unethical for an astrophysicist. Although practically mandatory for
a pirate.
Hi, Leonardard. Hello, Raj.
Forgive me, as you know, I’m no adept at reading
facial cues, but I’m going to take a stab here,
you’re either sad or nauseated.
I was going to say sad. I don’t know why
I hedged.
Elbow macaroni with ground hamburger and tomato sauce.
Not technically. In Hinduism, cattle are thought to be like
God.
I’m sorry.
Understandable. Your entire life seems to be crumbling around you,
and your future appears bleak at best.
And you’re wrong about Hinduism and cows.
That’s happy, right?
Nailed it.
Gentlemen.
Raj, did you get the job with Professor Laughlin?
I assumed as much. But never fear. Like the subordinate
male protagonist in countless action movies who disappears half way
through the second reel, I have returned to save the
day. Odd, usually, he’s met by cheers. Anyway, I was
thinking about exploring the string theory implications of gamma rays
from dark matter annihilations, and it occurred to me that
I could benefit…
I’m sorry, if you didn’t cheer at my entrance, it’s
too late to buy into the premise. Anyway, I got
some extra money from the head of the department, and
raj can come work for me.
For me. You’re going to have to listen more carefully
when you’re on the job.
For me.
Of course I’m busy.
Yes, please. How may I help you?
For me.
I’m impressed, Raj. Those are very cogent and reasonable conditions.
I reject them all.
I’m sorry, I believe you’ve misunderstood. I’m not giving you
the job. I’m simply affording you the opportunity to apply
for it. Have a seat, we’ll get started with the
interview.
Please.
So, that’s what you wear to an interview?
Oh, pulling strings, are we?
Bazinga! You’ve fallen victim to another one of my classic
practical jokes. I’m your boss now. You may want to
laugh at that.
All right, we’re going to be designing an experiment to
look for the annihilation spectrum resulting from dark matter collisions
in space.
I’m the boss. I make the jokes.
This is not the time for joking. We’re doing serious
research, which requires complete and utter focus.
What?
Top desk drawer.
Alright?
Good.
Of course I understand. And who are you to tell
me about outer space?
Astro means star.
English is your native language.
There is a fine line between wrong and visionary. Unfortunately
you have to be a visionary to see it.
Caca?
All right! First of all, Dr. Koothrappali, when I first
proposed that you work with me…
In this context, with me means for me.
Oh! If I’m wrong, prove it.
No, no, no, you’ve misstated the atomic weight of the
target.
You’re defacing my work.
Give me the eraser.
I said give it to me.
Fine. Oh, lord. Dr. Koothrappali, as your superior, I forbid
you from writing on my board!
I am in every way.
Raj. Raj. Raj.
Doing what? All right, you’ve made your point.
I looked over the board and it turns out you
were right.
I didn’t say that.
Nevertheless, I didn’t say it. Anyway, I would like you
to come back and work for me.
In this context for me could mean with me.
I reject them all.
Wait, you have to drive me home.
I walked.
I can’t. There’s a big dog outside. On the way
home, we can start thinking about methods of optimizing the
detector for 500 GEV particles.
It doesn’t matter. You can’t possibly win.
Given the cards that have already been played, Pennyy can
only be holding necromancer potions, which are only effective against
wraiths and day-walkers, and there are no more of either
left to be drawn. The cards remaining in the undrawn
stack are four fire weapons, a troll, two ogres and
the jewel of Osiris.
From your vantage point, it certainly must seem so.
Photographic is a misnomer. I have an eidetic memory, as
I’ve told you many times. Most recently last year during
lunch on the afternoon of may seventh. You had turkey
and complained it was dry.
June 30 th, 2004. Opening day of Spider-man 2 at
the AMC Pasadena. They only had red icees, no blue.
You had left the refreshment stand in order to indulge
in your customary preemptive pre-show urination.
I’m sorry, no.
Yes, I’ve moved to a four-napkin system. Lap, hands, face
and personal emergencies. If you like, starting tomorrow, I’ll add
a guest napkin, but I’m afraid there’s nothing I can
do for you today. Good luck. That’s the face napkin.
I’d imagine you heard any number of things today. When
you arrived at work you undoubtedly heard, hello, Raj, how
are you, Raj? Given that you’re wearing a new sweater-vest,
you may have heard new sweater-vest? And possibly, though far
less likely, nice sweater-vest.
That would probably save us some time.
I’m sorry, Raj, but I have no interest in playing
a game in which I find no challenge.
I have money.
How does it different from the money I have?
Do you need it to buy a less disturbing sweater-vest?
Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it.
Got it. Betty and Veronica? Ugh.
Thank you. You just robbed me of the opportunity to
stumble upon the figurine and make the oh-so-satisfying journey from
discovery to desire to possession.
But I must have it.
Thank you. You know, I can buy all these things
online. I come here for the personal service.
Excuse me. Are you saying that Wil Wheaton aka Ensign
Wesley Crusher on Star Trek The Next Generation is going
to be participating in your tournament?
You don’t understand. Growing up, I idolized Wil Wheaton? Wesley
Crusher had an eidetic memory just like me.
I was such a fan that in 1995, I travelled
ten hours by bus to a sci-fi convention in Jackson,
Mississippi, wearing my Star Fleet Academy cadet uniform in order
to meet Wil Wheaton and get him to autograph my
mint in-package Wesley Crusher action figure.
My arduous journey, however, was for naught. Although advertised to
appear, he did not show up. It was at that
moment, I vowed eternal hatred for Wil Wheaton.
It might also interest you to know that Wil Wheaton
currently ranks sixth on my all-time enemies list, right between
director Joel Schumacher, who nearly destroyed the Batman movie franchise,
and Billy Sparks, who lived down the street from me
and put dog poop on the handles of my bicycle.
In the words of Khan Noonien Singh in the immortal
wrath of Khan, he tasks me, he tasks me and
I shall have him.
From hell’s heart, I stab at thee.
My enchanted troll bludgeons your screaming harpy with a cursed
mace. Game.
Look at him. Wil Wheaton, my old friend, I have
chased you round the moons of Nibia and round the
Antares maelstrom and round perdition’s flames!
Silence! How much longer must I wait for my revenge?
So, my path to satisfaction is blocked by lonely Larry
and Captain Sweatpants. Very well. They must be destroyed.
Silence!
I play my endless serpent. Raj will play ecstatic frenzy,
which means Larry will have to play chaos overlord, then
Captain Sweatpants, molten river. I play nightshade dryad, game, set
and match. Now fetch me Wil Wheaton! bortaS bIr jablu’DI’
reH QaQqu’ nay’
Underworld guardian. We skirmish to the death.
Luminescence spell.
Fire demon.
Three-headed lion.
Brimstone.
You’re holding two moderate spell cards, a small rock and
a potion of Zancor, which will be about as much
help as an air conditioner on the ice planet Hoth.
Your only move is to play the potion, lose the
skirmish, and two moves later, the game.
The year was 1995, the place, Jackson, Mississippi. Having spent
ten hours on a bus, during which I had to
twice violate my personal rule against relieving myself on board
a moving vehicle, I finally arrived at the fourth annual
Dixie-Trek convention only to find that my idol Wil Wheaton
decided he had better things to do than to show
up and sign my action figure.
You betrayed me, Wil Wheaton. Now I have my revenge.
Your mee-maw died? That’s terrible.
No, no, I understand. Anything happened to my mee-maw, I’d
be one inconsolable moon pie. I should clarify that statement
by explaining that she calls me moon pie.
Oh, yes.
I can’t.
No. I came here to defeat Wil Wheaton, the man
who destroyed my dreams. But I can’t defeat Wil Wheaton,
the man who loved his mee-maw. Enchanted bunny.
I… I… I don’t understand. Your grandmother’s alive?
Wheaton! Wheaton! Wheaton!
Excuse me. You’re misusing the word ho. It’s an interjection
used to call attention to a destination, not an object,
as in, uh, Land, ho! Or, uh, Westward, ho!
Well, actually, the risk of throat cutting is very low.
On the other hand, severe string burn is a real
and ever-Present danger.
I’m sorry, I got bored and drifted off. Where exactly
in the interaction did the sucking lie?
Oh, that certainly would suck.
Wolowitz is trying to outflank us. Let out some string,
add altitude and I’ll go under and cut his line.
Focus, Leonardard, focus! The heat of battle is upon us,
the dogs of war are unleashed.
You’re embarrassing me right now, a grown man worrying about
such nonsense when in the middle of flying kites.
Sorry won’t bring their kites down. Ow! String burn! String
burn!
Victory!
Well, her actions could be out of concern for your
feelings. Perhaps she’s excluded you from these gatherings because she’s
scouting for a new mate and doesn’t want to do
it in front of you.
Agreed. Most primates don’t show that sort of discretion. A
female bonobo will copulate with a new male in front
of the old one without so much as a how
do you do?
I’m sorry, Raj, but the rules of aerial warfare dictate
at the fallen kite go to the victor. And without
rules, the competition has no meaning. And without meaning, the
following would be an empty gesture. I have your kite.
I have your kite.
It’s football nomenclature for when a quarterback is tackled behind
the line of scrimmage.
The line of scrimmage is the imaginary transverse line separating
the offence from the defence.
I grew up in Texas. Football is ubiquitous in Texas.
Pro football, college football, high school football, peewee football, in
fact, every form of football except the original, European football,
which most Texans believe to be a Commie plot.
If you’re interested, I also know all about frying meat
that isn’t chicken as if it were chicken.
Football or chicken-fried meats?
If you want to blend in with Pennyy’s friends, I’d
think looking like an idiot would be the perfect camouflage.
That’s exactly what my father said. Come to the games,
watch the games, week in and week out from the
time I was five until I went off to college.
Longest seven years of my life.
Are you making this a tier one friendship request?
Fine.
Yeah, yeah. All right, Poindexter, sit down, shut up and
listen.
That’s how my father always began our football conversations. And
if you’d like, after the game, I’ll take you outside
and teach you how to shoot close enough to a
racoon that it craps itself.
When I have enough to destroy all the human toast
on the battlestar known as Galactica. Is that what you’re
wearing to watch football at Pennyy’s?
Nothing. That, however, appears to be a football cocktail dress.
Oh, yes. Canine football fans are a common sight in
Texas. Cats, however, refuse to wear sporting apparel. My sister
found that out the hard way.
Leonardard, wait. Am I correct in assuming that your attempt
to be accepted by Pennyy’s peers is based on your
desire to ensure your continuing mating privileges with her?
How would you put it?
Huh. Seems like an awful lot of trouble to go
through for intercourse. Don’t you have access to women who
will do it for money? By the way, another accepted
usage for the term ho.
Hold on I believe that social convention dictate you not
arrive empty-Handed. Would you like to bring some Cylon toast?
What’s funny about Cylon toast?
Pennyy. Pennyy. Pennyy.
Thank you. I’d like to make a sandwich, but I’m
out of bread.
You shouldn’t keep your bread in the refrigerator. Staleness is
caused by crystallization of the starch molecules, which occurs faster
at cool temperatures.
So Leonardard, how goes the mimesis?
You know. Mimesis. An action in which the mimic takes
on the properties of a specific object or organism. Mimesis.
I’m attempting to communicate with you without my meaning becoming
apparent to those around you. Let me try again. Have
the indigenous fauna accepted you as one of their own?
Nudge, nudge, wink, wink.
Good. Oh, FYI. After I eat my sandwich, I’m taking
Koothrappali’s Patang kite out for a test run. Would you
like to get your delta-wing raptor and join me?
I can see that. I was providing you with an
alternative. A courtesy I was never offered in similar circumstances.
Oh, Research Lab is more than a game. It’s like
the slogan says, the physics is theoretical, but the fun
is real.
Oh! Great roll! Now you can demolish your Soviet-style cyclotron
and build the large Hadron Collider.
You’re a natural at this, Pennyy. And as the first
beta testers, you two’ll have quite the edge when we
play with Wolowitz and Koothrappali on Sunday.
Why not?
Pay attention, Leonardard. That’s why she can’t play on Sunday.
Your turn, Leonardard.
Roll the dice, Leonardard.
Come on, Leonardard, if you roll a six, Pennyy dies
horribly in a nuclear meltdown. See what I mean when
I say the fun is real?
I’ll just roll for you.
Uh-oh! Industrial accident.
You accidentally stare at a helium-argon laser. Lose one turn
and a retina.
It’s also your roll.
Has your relationship reached its inevitable ugly end?
Look on the bright side. As the result of Pennyy’s
forfeit, you have become the world’s first winner of Research
Lab. Would you like a commemorative snow cone?
Hey, I thought of a game we can play in
the car.
It’s called Scientists. Now, I will name three scientists, then
you will put them in order of the size of
their contribution to their respective fields. To make this game
even more compelling, you must consider only the contribution of
the man to the field, not the validity of the
field itself. For example, Abu Musa Jabir ibn Hayn made
a greater contribution to the discredited field of alchemy than
Halbert Vanderplatt made to neurobiology. Okay, ready to have some
fun?
All right, I’ll start with an easy one, um, Isaac
Newton, Madame Curie and Niels Bohr.
Hint, Madame Curie had her husband to help her.
Leonardard! Stop the car!
I can’t listen to the two of you fight anymore.
Come on, come on, we’re late.
I believe my alarm is appropriate, given the situation. The
movie starts in 17 minutes, which means we’ll need to
make all the lights on Colorado Boulevard, plus skip the
concession stand, and preshow urination.
Go, go, Power Rangers, go!
No, we’re not. We’re standing in the hallway, suffering through
an awkward encounter.
All right, invitation pointlessly offered, invitation declined as expected, everyone’s
civil, nobody’s fighting. Have a nice evening.
Leonardard, when that woman moved in three years ago I
told you not to talk to her, and now look,
we’re going to be late for the movies.
Got it.
Stop it, both of you. All this fighting, I might
as well be back with my parents! Damn it, George,
I told you if you didn’t quit drinkin’ I’d leave
you! Well, I guess that makes you a liar, ’cause
I’m drunk as hell and you’re still here! Stop yelling!
You’re making Sheldondon cry! I’ll tell you what’s making Sheldondon
cry! That I let you name him Sheldondon.
This is a restaurant. It’s lunchtime. I would think, as
a waitress, you’d be familiar with the paradigm.
No, I believe Leonardard is waiting for you to come
crawling back to him and apologize.
I assumed that would be your attitude. Hence, my true
purpose in coming here.
I want you to crawl back to him and apologize.
Excuse me, miss. I’d like to order lunch.
I have a few questions. First, I notice that you
offer soup and a half-sandwich?
Where exactly does the half-sandwich come from? Are you giving
me half of someone else’s sandwich, or do I have
to wait for someone else in the restaurant to order
the other half?
You can’t make a half-sandwich. If it’s not half of
a whole sandwich, it’s just a small sandwich.
Of course not. I’ll have my usual.
Aren’t you going to ask me if I want a
beverage?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes, I want you to apologize to Leonardard.
Irrelevant. The disruption in your relationship is making my life
intolerable.
I don’t follow.
All right, let’s assume, ad argumentum, that in this case,
Leonardard is wrong.
Considering the number of transgressions you’ve committed that he’s overlooked,
don’t you think that, just this once, you could return
the favour?
Were you under the impression that Leonardard has no complaints
about you?
Your driving, the plethora of stuffed animals on your bed
that stare at him during your amorous activities, your constant
tardiness, your singing.
That’s actually from my list, but Leonardard would be a
fool if he didn’t agree with it.
Because, according to him, you’re oversensitive and have a temper.
And she wonders why she’s constantly undertipped.
Oh, good, you’re home. I need you to do me
a favour.
Go apologize to Pennyy.
Right now would be good.
Although, a few minutes ago would have been better.
Raj. Raj. Raj.
Don’t flatter yourself. I’m just ignoring you.
I’ve heard that before, but then, the next thing you
know I’m hiding in my bedroom, blaring a Richard Feinman
lecture while my mom is shouting that Jesus would forgive
her if she put ground glass in my dad’s meatloaf,
and my dad’s on the roof skeet-shooting her Franklin Mint
collectible plates.
Really? Where’s your friend Justin going to sleep?
I want that one.
Can I get this comic book, too?
I should have asked for much more than a comic
book and a robot.
Sheldondon’s log, stardate 63345.3. While my colleagues are off observing
the Leonardid meteor shower, I have remained behind to complete
my paper on the decays of highly excited massive string
states. Although my research is going well I do miss
the warmth of human companionship.
And good evening to you, Siam Palace. This is Sheldondon
Cooper. Yeah, I’m going to be dining alone this evening,
so I’ll be reducing my usual order. I’d like to
start with one quarter of the assorted appetizers plate and,
uh, one half of the golden treasure for two. Oh,
for heaven’s sake, in the mid-18 th century, King Rama
IV of Siam divided a huge empire amongst the colonial
powers of Europe in order to preserve his throne. Surely,
you, his cultural descendant, can handle pad thai and dumplings.
I need to go, but you keep in mind that
my sharply worded comments on yelp.com recently took down a
local muffin store. Pennyy. Pennyy. Pennyy..
Pennyy?
Pennyy. Pennyy. Pennyy..
Shall I come back at a better time?
Hello.
Not surprising. You have no safety mat or adhesive stickers
to allow for purchase on a surface with a low
coefficient of static friction.
Tubs are slippery.
I have a series of whimsical duck stickers on the
bottom of my tub.
They’re holding umbrellas.
The ducks in my tub.
They’re whimsical because ducks have neither the need for, nor
the ability to use umbrellas.
Well, assuming you’re correct that your right humerus is no
longer seated in the glenoid socket, I would certainly think
so.
I don’t drive.
Well, it seems we’ve reached an impasse.
But I could call you a cab or an ambulance.
All right. Let it never be said that Sheldondon Lee
Cooper ignored the pleas of a damsel in distress.
Well, it does seem rather ironic that for want of
99-cent adhesive ducks, we both might die in a fiery
car crash.
I see no organizational system in here whatsoever. Which panties
do you wear on Mondays?
My mother always told me one should wear clean underpants
in case one is in an accident.
That doesn’t mean one won’t be in another, especially if
I’m driving.
Okay, here.
All right.
We should have you checked for a concussion.
All right.
Don’t look?
Oh. Well, that’s understandable. You may be interested to know
that a prohibition against looking is well established in heroic
mythology. Uh, Lot and his wife, Perseus and Medusa, Orpheus
and Eurydice.
They always look. It never ends well.
Ok.
It doesn’t feel like an arm.
All righty.
For the record, I should let you know this is
my first time driving an actual motor vehicle.
Yes, and I have logged a considerable number of hours
on a simulator.
Didn’t work out well.
One moment. According to my driver’s ed book, a side
mirror is properly adjusted when a portion of the is
driver’s door handle is visible in the lower right corner.
There’s the handle. Oh, no, too far, bringing it back.
Optimized. Now, where is the switch to adjust the passenger
side mirror?
Where is the passenger side mirror?
Yes. As soon as I adjust my seat. Whee! Oh,
dear. I’m going to have to start again.
Oh, I think we’re going sufficiently fast. What’s that?
That can’t be nothing, the check engine light is on.
We need to find a service station.
All the more reason to consult with a mechanic before
it explodes.
Mr. Spock did not pilot the Enterprise. He was the
science officer, and I guarantee you that if he ever
saw the Enterprise’s check engine light blinking, he would pull
the ship over immediately.
Oh, oh, red light, release accelerator and slowly apply the
brake. Nailed it. While we have a moment, may I
ask you a question?
Why do you have the Chinese character for soup tattooed
on your right buttock?
No, it isn’t. But I suppose it does take courage
to demonstrate that kind of commitment to soup.
Sorry. As I told you, the hero always peeks.
All right, there’s no need to bark at me. According
to the inexplicably irritable nurse behind the desk, you’ll be
seen after the man who claims to be having a
heart attack, but appears to be well enough to play
Doodle Jump on his iPhone. We have to fill these
out. Describe illness or injury.
All right. And how did the accident occur?
Cause of accident, lack of adhesive ducks. Okay, medical history.
Have you ever been diagnosed with diabetes?
Kidney disease?
Migraines?
Are you currently pregnant?
Are you sure? You look a bit puffy.
When was your last menstrual period?
I’ll put, in progress. Okay, moving to psychiatric disorders, list
all major behavioural diagnoses, e.g. depression, anxiety, etcetera.
Episodes of sub psychotic rage.
Possible Tourette’s. All right, moles, lesions or other skin conditions.
Soup tattoo on right buttock.
I’m sorry. There, there. Everything’s going to be fine. Sheldondon’s
here.
Now remember, you were given powerful pain medication and a
muscle relaxer, so, uh, don’t operate heavy machinery. Try not
to choke on your own drool.
Yes. The charm of your drug addled candour knows no
bounds.
That’s a fairly laboured metaphor, but I appreciate the sentiment
behind it.
“Soft Kitty” is for when you’re sick. You’re not sick.
Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur…
I have something to announce, but out of respect for
convention, I will wait for you to finish your current
conversation. What are you talking about?
I see. Now, are we talking date, the social interaction,
or date, the dried fruit?
Oh, good, my turn. Well, this is very exciting and
I wanted you to be among the first to know…
Thank you, Kripke, for depriving me of the opportunity to
share my news with my friends.
My thank you was not sincere.
Why are you such a stupid head? That is also
rhetorical. I’m sorry you had to hear that.
Yes, they’re interviewing me by phone from my office, regarding
the recent so-called discovery of magnetic monopoles in spin-ices. It’s
pledge week and they’re trying to goose the ratings with
a little controversy.
Thank you. My mother is very excited. She’s convening her
Bible study group to listen in, and then pray for
my soul.
All right. These are the talking points for my NPR
interview tomorrow. I need to make sure that they’re simple
enough for the less educated in the audience to understand.
Howardrd, look this over and tell me what’s unclear to
you.
Yes. Look this over and tell me what’s unclear to
you.
Hello.
Excuse me, may I interject?
Biologically speaking, Howardrd is perfectly justified in seeking out the
optimum mate for the propagation of his genetic line.
Now, whether that propagation is in the interest of humanity
is, of course, an entirely different question.
My pleasure, Ira.
Of course. First, consider an ordinary magnet which has, as
even the most uneducated in your audience must know, two
poles, a north and south pole. If you cut that
in half, you have two smaller magnets, each with its
own north and south pole.
No, I hear you fine. As I was saying, an
ordinary magnet has two poles. The primary characteristic of a
monopole is that it has only one pole, hence, monopole.
A requirement for string theory, or M-theory, if you will,
is the existence of such monopoles. I, myself, led an
expedition to the Arctic Circle in search of said particles.
Kripke, I found the nozzle! I’m going to kill you!
I was humiliated on national radio. How do you think
I’m doing?
What do you want?
It wasn’t funny.
Did you laugh?
I refuse to sink to his level.
I never admit defeat.
However, on an unrelated topic, I am never getting out
of this bed again.
Well, I suppose I could poison Kripke.
It’s a simple matter. There are several toxic chemicals that’d
be untraceable in an autopsy.
Oh! How about we put awhoopee cushion on his office
chair? He’ll sit down, it’ll sound like he’s flatulent, even
though he’s not.
All right, how’s this for revenge? A solution of hydrogen
peroxide, and one of saturated potassium iodide.
Mountain Dew. Ah, refreshing. Now, we’re going to combine these
chemicals with ordinary dish soap, creating a little exothermic release
of oxygen.
Yes, exactly.
Already taken care of. Observe. This is a live shot
of Kripke’s lab via a mini webcam I was able
to install, thanks to a dollar bill discreetly placed in
the night janitor’s shirt pocket. At the same time, I
also secured large quantities of these chemicals above the tiles
in the drop ceiling.
You flatter me, sir.
The reaction will be triggered when Kripke reaches the center
of the room. Mwah, ha, ha.
It may be low-tech, but I still maintain the whoopee
cushion has comic validity.
There is no abort.
I made a boo-boo, all right?
Hello, Kripke. This classic prank comes to you from the
malevolent mind of Sheldondon Cooper. If you’d like to see
the look on your stupid face, this video is being
instantly uploaded to YouTube. Oh, and a hat tip to
Leonardard Hofstadter and Raj Koothrappali for their support and encouragement
in this enterprise.
Leonardard, she’s doing it again.
No. It upsets Sheldondon when she willy-nilly takes it from
the containers without regard for its equitable distribution. This is
essentially why you have famine in India.
Leonardard.
Hello.
Wait, no, that’s a false equivalency. More does not equal
merry. If there were 2,000 people in this apartment right
now, would we be celebrating? No, we’d be suffocating.
Don’t Sheldondon me. We ordered for five people, not six.
Oh, sure. And while we’re at it, why don’t we
put our hands behind our backs, have an old-fashioned eating
contest?
NO!
Perhaps there’s hope for you after all.
My mother was right. Hell is real.
Yes. Leonardard’s work is nearly as amazing as third graders
growing lima beans in wet paper towels. While I appreciate
the oh, snap, I’m uncomfortable having your moist breath in
my ear.
Howardrd?
Your shoes are delightful. Where did you get them?
Bazinga. I don’t care.
That’s not fair. I got stuck behind a tree.
Just need a little more practice.
It’s not about shoes, is it? I don’t think I
could go through that again.
Then speak.
All right. Go away. I agree, it’s rude, but she
asked for privacy.
A little physics? There’s no such thing. Physics encompasses the
entire universe, from quantum particles to supernovas, from spinning electrons
to spinning galaxies.
Why can’t Leonardard teach you?
Can’t you surprise him in some other way? For example,
I’m sure he’d be delightfully taken aback if you cleaned
your apartment.
Pennyy, this would be a massive undertaking, and my time
is both limited and valuable.
Okay, point. What sort of foundation do you have? Did
you take any science classes in school?
The one with the frogs.
I’m sorry, Pennyy, I don’t think so.
Interesting. I suppose if someone could teach sign language to
KoKo the gorilla, I could teach you some rudimentary physics.
Not likely. KoKo learned to understand over 2,000 words, not
one of which had anything to do with shoes.
Research journal, entry one. I’m about to embark on one
of the great challenges of my scientific career, teaching Pennyy
physics. I’m calling it Project Gorilla.
Come in. Take a seat. Subject has arrived. I’ve extended
a friendly casual greeting.
One moment. Subject appears well-rested and enthusiastic. Apparently, ignorance is
bliss. All right, let us begin. Where’s your notebook?
How are you going to take notes without a notebook?
How else are you gonna study for the tests?
Tests. Here. It’s college-ruled. I hope that’s not too intimidating.
You’re welcome. Now, Introduction to Physics. What is physics? Physics
comes from the ancient Greek word physika. It’s at this
point that you’ll want to start taking notes. Physika means
the science of natural things. And it is there, in
ancient Greece, that our story begins.
Hush. If you have questions, raise your hand. It’s a
warm summer evening, circa 600 BC, you’ve finished your shopping
at the local market, or agora, and you look up
at the night sky. There you notice some of the
stars seem to move, so you name them planetes, or
wanderer. Yes, Pennyy?
This is the beginning of a twenty six hundred year
journey we’re going to take together from the ancient Greeks
through Isaac Newton to Niels Bohr to Erwin Schrodinger to
the Dutch researchers that Leonardard is currently ripping off.
Yeah, give or take. As I was saying, it’s a
warm summer evening in ancient Greece… Yes, Pennyy?
Can’t you hold it?
Project Gorilla, entry two. I am exhausted.
Now, remember, Newton realized that Aristotle was wrong and force
was not necessary to maintain motion. So let’s plug in
our 9.8 meters per second squared as A and we
get force, Earth gravity, equals mass times 9.8 meters per
second per second. So we can see that MA equals
MG and what do we know from this?
No, Fig Newtons are named after a small town in
Massachusetts. Don’t write that down!
Now, if MA equals MG what does that imply?
How can you not know? I just told you. Have
you suffered a recent blow to the head?
I’m sorry. Have you suffered a recent blow to the
head?
Really? Of those two explanations, which one seems the most
likely?
All right. It’s a warm summer evening in ancient Greece…
Okay! At what point did you begin to feel lost?
Greece.
There’s no need to get frustrated, people learn at different
rates. Unlike objects falling in a vacuum, which…? MA equals
MG?
No.
No.
Oh!
Why are you crying?
That’s no reason to cry. One cries because one is
sad. For example, I cry because others are stupid and
it makes me sad.
All right. Leonardard is attempting to learn why sub-atomic particles
move the way they do.
It’s not. That’s why Leonardard does it.
A good question.
And to answer it, we first must ask ourselves, what
is physics?
It’s a warm summer evening in ancient Greece…
Tears seem appropriate. Enlargement of the heart muscle, or hypertrophic
cardiomyopathy, is a serious disease which could lead to congestive
heart failure.
No, on the contrary. I found the Grinch to be
a relatable, engaging character, and I was really with him
right up to the point that he succumbed to social
convention and returned the presents and saved Christmas. What a
buzz kill that was.
Excuse me, but the sun is essential for all life
on Earth. Frosty is merely a bit of frozen supernatural
ephemera in a stolen hat. A crime, by the way,
for which he is never brought to account.
Oh, yes. We had a tree, we had a manger,
we had an inflatable Santa Claus with plastic reindeer on
the front lawn. And to make things even more jolly,
there were so many blinking lights on the house they
induced neighbourhood-wide seizures.
I do not. But if you insist on decorating a
spider-infested fire hazard in my home I would request that
you add this.
You’re kidding, right? It’s a bust of Sir Isaac Newton.
Wait, excuse me, but it’s much more Christmassy than anything
you’ve put on the tree.
December 25, 1642, Julian calendar, Sir Isaac Newton is born.
Jesus, on the other hand, was actually born in the
summer. His birthday was moved to coincide with a traditional
pagan holiday that celebrated the winter solstice with lit fires
and slaughtered goats. Which, frankly, sounds like more fun than
12 hours of church with my mother followed by a
fruitcake.
I sense that’s not sincere, although I have no idea
why.
No. Isaac goes at the top of the tree.
I understand. You dispute Newton’s claim that he invented calculus
and you want to put Gottfried Leibniz on the top.
Well, perhaps when your mother gets here, she’ll talk some
sense into you.
If I can interject here, obviously Leonardard is concerned that
his mother won’t approve of you as his mate.
If I can interject again. Leonardard comes from a remarkably
high-achieving family, who have all chosen high-achieving partners. He probably
feels that it’s doubtful that his mother will be overly
impressed with his dating a woman whose most significant achievement
is memorizing the Cheesecake Factory menu.
Leonardard, I’m no expert on meditation, but if you’re trying
to calm yourself down, I believe the word is Om.
No trouble at all.
My pleasure. For a non-physicist, you have a remarkable grasp
of how electric dipoles in the brain’s water molecules could
not possibly form a Bose condensate.
August 16 th. Right after her carpal tunnel surgery.
You did.
Neither do I, but it’s the social convention.
It’s what we think caused your narcissistic personality disorder. We
discussed it at length during our last video chat. Although
how we got onto the subject of you is baffling.
My bad. I did send a gift from both of
us.
Well, I’m not sure about interesting, but…
Very well. Shall we switch topics to Isaac Newton v.
Gottfried Leibniz?
Isn’t she brilliant, Leonardard? How I envy you.
September 22 nd.
She was old and blind, Leonardard. What choice did we
have?
Leonardard? Leonardard? Leonardard?
I made tea.
I didn’t make tea for you. This is my tea.
It’s a conversation starter.
Oh, is it? We’re conversing. Checkmate.
What I want is to be departing the Starship Enterprise
in a one-man shuttle craft headed to the planetoid I
rule known as Sheldondon Alpha Five.
To comfort you, of course. No, that’s not going to
work at all, I’ll comfort you from over here. Leonardard,
what you’re experiencing is a classic Jungian crisis in which
the aging individual mourns the loss of the never-to-be realized
ideal family unit.
That’s not the comforting part.
No, no. The comforting part is that the Germans have
a term for what you’re feeling. Weltschmerz. It means the
depression that arises from comparing the world as it is
to a hypothetical, idealized world.
Well, the Germans have always been a comforting people. Just
remember, Leonardard, where your biological family has failed you, you
always have me, your surrogate family.
If it’s any consolation, I’m not happy about it either.
Good night.
Why is Leonardard softly banging his head against his bedroom
door?
You’re very welcome.
I don’t blame you. You were intoxicated.
I blame Pennyy.
Agreed.
I don’t understand. What other kind of women are there?
Detailed analysis posted online.
It is great, isn’t it? We have a wonderful evening
ahead of us.
Oh, yes. I just discovered I don’t have enough room
on my hard drive for a Linux partition, so you
and I are going to perform a full backup, reinitialize
and then reinstall all my operating systems.
All right. Well, I’m going to perform full backup, reinitialize
and then reinstall all my operating systems.
Well, I understand there are several types of artificial women.
Maybe you should look into that.
I’m sorry, Raj, I have no desire to salute any
article of clothing tonight. Much less one that’s linked to
race riots in the 1940 s.
The zoot suit riots.
I don’t need anything at the Galleria. Do you need
anything at the Galleria?
That’s a semantically null sentence.
Well, that’s certainly amusing, but I have no interest.
If outside is so good, why has mankind spent thousands
of years trying to perfect inside?
Let me offer you a compromise. Sometimes when I feel
stifled and want a change of scenery, I use my
imagination.
One of my favourite places to visit is the two-dimensional
world described in Edwin Abbott’s mathematical fantasy, Flatland.
You’re only saying that because you haven’t been there. I
am now a hexagon in two-dimensional space and can only
perceive the edges of other objects.
Is that you, Raj? I don’t recognize your edge.
Well, you’re in luck, there’s a mixer here in Flatland.
Oh, look, there’s a sexually attractive line segment, you should
chat her up.
Tell her you’re a circle, Flatland gals are all hot
for circles.
Thanks for giving me your limited edition Green Lantern lantern.
What if evil strikes and my power ring runs low?
I don’t drink.
I would like a root beer float.
They don’t? Well, apparently, these people and I differ greatly
on the definition of party.
And don’t be chintzy with the Shirley.
All right. There’s a female.
But she’s female. Isn’t that the game?
Oh, yes. So, the point of this exercise is for
you to find someone to copulate with?
Thank you. And what is my function as wingman?
Okay. What is your game?
When I lie through my teeth to a woman, you
nod and agree.
It’s a limited edition Green Lantern lantern. My friend is
looking for someone to copulate with.
I’m Sheldondon. How do you do?
I thought your father was a gynaecologist. I’m sorry.
Hello.
In brightest day, in darkest night, no evil shall escape
my sight.
Thank you. Have you chosen one to copulate with?
We scored. I’m the wingman.
The dog… koira. The roof… katto. Grapes… ryp leet. One
minute. Sis n.
It means come in. It’s taking forever to load the
new operating system on my computer. I disinfected the kitchen
and the bathroom, and now I thought I’d learn Finnish.
I don’t say anything. I merely offer you a facial
expression that suggests you’ve gone insane.
Yes, exactly, I had a great time. That’s done, I’ve
moved on to other things. For example, after I learn
Finnish, I’m not going to learn Finnish again.
Raj, I highly doubt there is any argument you can
make, threat you might levy, rhetorical strategy, plea, invocation, supplication,
or… vetoomus that you can employ that would convince me
to reconsider.
Oh, my. I’ve admired these for years.
Hulk agree to second date with puny humans!
Hulk sad.
You know, I had never considered that. Wow, that’s going
to completely change my visits there. Well, it’s late.
Time for bed.
Good night, puny human!
Yes?
Well, I suppose. Come in. I’ll sleep in Leonardard’s room.
Good night.
Oh, dear Lord, they re-did the menu.
Oh, is it? Look at this. General Tso’s Chicken is
no longer listed under specialties. It’s now under chicken.
Yes, General Tso.
So, why is it no longer a specialty? Did the
chef lose confidence in the dish or himself? And look
over here, shrimp in mobster sauce. What is mobster sauce?
Perhaps. Perhaps this restaurant’s now a front for organized crime.
For all we know, the mobster sauce contains actual chunks
of deceased mobsters.
Good idea. We’ll go to CorLeonarde’s.
You know, the more I think about it, the mobster
sauce couldn’t possibly contain chunks of mobster.
It was listed under seafood.
Leonardard, are we having a serious conversation or not?
The TV is gone.
Oh God, oh God, oh, God! It’s all right. They
didn’t take my comic books.
They took our TV, two laptops, four external hard-drives, our
PS2, our PS3, our X-Box, our X-Box 360, our classic
Nintendo, our Super Nintendo, our Nintendo 64 and our Wii.
Right, games. They took Halo 1, Halo 2, Halo 3,
Call of Duty 1, Call of Duty 2, Call of
Duty 3, Rock Band, Rock Band 2, Final Fantasy 1
thru 9, The Legend of Zelda, The Legend of Zelda:
Ocarina of Time, The Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess," "Super
Mario Bros.", "Mario & Sonic at the Winter Olympics" and
"Ms. Pac-Man".
When does the CSI team get here?
In anticipation of their arrival, I’ve bagged some evidence. One
of the thieves had the audacity to quench his thirst
while ransacking our home. You should be able to pull
some good prints off this. And now, here are my
prints so you can rule me out as a suspect.
I’m sorry, Leonardard. It’s too early to discount the possibility
of this being an inside job.
I’m not crazy. My mother had me tested.
I’m sorry, that’s the end of your inquiry?
Oh, my goodness. Where do I begin? For instance, my
laptop contained four out of the five gedanken experiments necessary
for a cogent restatement of the quantum measurement problem.
Well, they could monitor scientific publications and see if anyone
posts such a cogent restatement in the next couple of
months. If so, the authors are most likely in possession
of my stolen laptop.
The only thing we can do. Watch TV on our
phones until the criminals return and bludgeon us to death
in our sleep.
Oh, how I wish I could.
I do not have to urinate. I am the master
of my own bladder. Drat.
Leonardard and Pennyy. Leonardard and Pennyy. Leonardard and Pennyy.
We just had a major crime in the building, and
you open the door without asking who it is?
Nothing. Just wanted to see if you were both okay.
All right, then. Good night.
Leonardard and Pennyy. Leonardard and Pennyy. Leonardard and Pennyy.
Sheldondon. Sheldondon Cooper.
May I come in?
I see you’re drinking wine.
Uh-huh.
Oh, as small as Leonardard is, I don’t think the
two of you’d be comfortable on the couch.
It’s not what I want, it’s what evolution wants. Human
beings are primates. Primates have evolved to live in groups,
both for protection and support.
I do tonight. It’s scary over there.
Good Lord, I could not have made this easier. Hydrogen
atom, H, plus pigs minus pea, Higgs. Bow, General Zod
trapped in the Phantom Zone. Bow-zone. Pear. Tickle. Pear-tickle. Higgs
Boson Particle. How could you not get that?
All right. I’ll take the first watch and wake you
at 0400.
Bad idea.
Listen to her, Jim.
Leonardard and Pennyy! Leonardard and Pennyy! Leonardard and Pennyy!
What if they cut the power?
What if someone steals my keys?
What if someone kidnaps me, forces me to record my
voice, and then cuts off my thumb?
Wonderful security system if we’re attacked by a school of
tuna.
Better.
Sheldondon’s journal. Security system in place. However, sleep continues to
elude me. I’ve seen the underbelly of Pasadena, this so-called
City of Roses, and it haunts me. Ah, the injustice,
I lie here awake, tormented, while out there evil lurks,
probably playing Donkey Kong on my classic Nintendo. Oh, dear.
I am the master of my own bladder. Leonardard and
Pennyy. Leonardard and Pennyy. Leonardard and Pennyy.
I heard a noise.
Why would you knock over a lamp?
Oh! No, she’s right, I don’t need to know what
you were doing. Carry on.
Good thinking. Perhaps I’ll check the perimeter and make some
warm milk.
Would you like me to bring you some warm milk?
And you don’t wish to alarm me with any more
loud noises, very thoughtful. Warm milk, Pennyy?
Fine. Good night to you, sir. Miss.
I’m fine. Although I’m no longer the master of my
own bladder.
My new computer came with Windows 7. Windows 7 is
much more user-friendly than Windows Vista. I don’t like that.
Our apartment was broken into, our security system tried to
kill me, and as a result, I’m leaving Pasadena forever.
Tell me how that’s overreacting.
Oh, if that were only true. Unfortunately, as I’m earthbound
for the foreseeable future, I need to find a location
that’s more hospitable than the mean streets of Pasadena. Like
Enid, Oklahoma. Low crime rate and high-speed Internet connectivity, but
no model train shops. Sorry, Enid.
All right. Boone, North Carolina. Every summer since 1952, Boone
has hosted an outdoor amphitheater portrayal of the life and
times of its namesake, Dan’l Boone. Sounds like something that
would attract the wrong crowd. Pennyy, you’re from Nebraska, correct?
It will take me a few days to get settled.
After I do, I will e-mail you detailed PDFs containing
diagrams and instructions that will guide you through packing and
shipping the rest of my possessions to Bozeman, Montana. In
the meantime, please forward my mail.
I sense you’re making a joke, but Bozeman does have
a comedy club called The Loony Bin, so do not
forward my mail there.
I am moving on. I’m going to be a Bozite.
They should. It’s one of the first things I plan
to bring up upon arrival.
Please, Pennyy, as you know, I’m not comfortable with prolonged
good-byes and maudlin displays of emotion, so I prepared a
short video.
Greetings. As you know, I’m not comfortable with prolonged good-byes
and maudlin displays of emotion, so I prepared this short
video. The four of you are three of my closest
friends and one treasured acquaintance. Though I cannot state categorically
that my life will be diminished by not having you
in it, I am comfortable if you choose to believe
that. Since you intend to remain in this lawless metropolitan
area, statistics suggest that you will succumb to tragic and
gruesome ends before we meet again. Live long and prosper.
You might want to lock the door behind me. This
isn’t Bozeman.
That is a bracing cold, an invigorating cold. Lord, is
it cold!
Thank you, fellow Bozite. And may I say, you are
the living embodiment of all the promises made by our
lovely town’s Chamber of Commerce. Wait! Wait! Excuse me! One
ticket to Pasadena, California, please.
Interesting. The acquaintance is the first to greet me.
I’m attempting to view my work as a fleeting peripheral
image so as to engage the superior colliculus of my
brain.
Is it morning?
Then I’ve been up all night.
Why else would a person try to engage their superior
colliculus?
Captain Hook’s hand was eaten by a crocodile, not an
alligator. If you’re going to mock me, at least get
your facts straight.
I can’t see it! It just won’t coalesce.
You’re right. It’s a great idea, Leonardard. Thank you.
Electrons move through graphene, act as if they have no
mass…
Unit cell contains two carbon atoms. Interior angle of a
hexagon is 120 degrees.
Structure, constant structure. One atom…
Pattern is the same as fermions, travels on the pathways,
hexagonal, it’s always hexagonal…
Not lima beans, carbon atoms.
Peas! Perfect, they can be electrons.
Don’t be ridiculous. What would I do with corn?
The plural of coccyx is coccyges.
Good Lord! You’re ruining everything!
The same thing I’ve been doing for three days. Trying
to figure out why electrons behave as if they have
no mass when travelling through a graphene sheet.
Well, I needed something bigger than peas, now, didn’t I?
I don’t know, two, three days. Not important. I don’t
need sleep, I need answers. I need to determine where
in this swamp of unbalanced formulas squatteth the toad of
truth.
They lose their sensitivity to serotonin and norepinephrine.
Impaired cognitive function.
But I don’t want to go to bed.
Oh, all right.
Size ratio was all wrong. Couldn’t visualize it. Needed bigger
carbon atoms.
Back door has a five-pin tumbler system, single-circuit alarm. Child’s
play. You can start sorting protons and neutrons while I
build carbon atoms.
But I’m still working.
You can try, but you’ll never catch me.
Bazinga. Bazinga. Bazinga. Bazinga. Bazinga.
Leonardard and Pennyy. Leonardard and Pennyy.
Leonardard and Pennyy.
I have good news.
Your cell phone was off.
And that didn’t work out, did it?
I came to tell you I’ve got the answer.
No, no, I’m still hopelessly stuck on that, but I
figured out how to figure it out.
Einstein.
Albert Einstein.
When Albert Einstein came up with special relativity, he was
working at the patent office.
Don’t be absurd. That’s in Washington. You know I could
never live in a city whose streets are laid out
in a wheel-and-spoke pattern. No. I’m going to find a
similarly menial job where my basal ganglia are occupied with
a routine task, freeing my prefrontal cortex to work quietly
in the background on my problem.
Of course it is. Even talking to you is sufficiently
menial that I can feel the proverbial juices starting to
flow.
You’re welcome. Good night to you, too. Oh, by the
way, I was watching you sleep for a moment, and
I noticed that your snoring seems to be worse when
you’re on your back.
No, I wasn’t talking to Leonardard.
A menial job. Like yours.
I do. For thousands of years, the lowest classes of
the human race have spent their lives labouring to erect
monuments under the lash of their betters, until finally they
dropped down and became one with the dust through which
they trudged. Do you have anything like that?
Shouldn’t you check your database?
You didn’t really type.
Oh, that would be good! Sawing, hammering, eating out of
a lunch pail as my working-class fellows and I sit
perched precariously on a girder high above the metropolis.
I could do that.
One question.
What’s sheetrock?
That seems acceptable.
I don’t drive.
Senior theoretical particle physicist at CalTech, focusing on M theory,
or, in layman’s terms, string theory.
Behind you.
I’m trying to get these tables cleared. We’re slammed.
A reasonable question. I asked myself, what is the most
mind-numbing, pedestrian job conceivable, and three answers came to mind,
uh, toll booth attendant, an Apple Store genius, and what
Pennyy does. Now, since I don’t like touching other people’s
coins, and I refuse to contribute to the devaluation of
the word genius, here I am.
Oh, heavens, no. Since I don’t need to be paid,
I didn’t need to be hired. I simply came in,
picked up a tray, and started working for the man.
Let me get that plate out of your way.
Is it? Just a moment ago I had a minor
epiphany regarding the polymer degradation phenomenon while scraping congealed nachos
off a plate. Bernadetteadette, table 10 wants their check.
You’re right. That is more menial. Hello, I’m Sheldondon. I’ll
be your server today. I don’t recommend the salmon. I
saw it in the kitchen.
All right, one bacon cheeseburger, breaking two Jewish dietary restrictions
simultaneously, kudos. Beer-battered fish and chips. Now, here’s your tartar
sauce. I also brought you salsa. It’s a little unconventional,
but I think you’ll like it. It’s zingy. And for
you, Factory Burrito Grande, no cheese, no sour cream, no
ugly consequences from your lactose intolerance. Bon appétit.
Yes.
Of course.
Nope.
Yep.
I do.
Is that really necessary? Good Lord. The interference pattern in
the fracture. The motion of the wave through the molecular
structure. I’ve been looking at it all wrong. I can’t
consider the electrons as particles. They move through the graphene
as a wave. It’s a wave! The moment to applaud
would be now. Troglodytes.
I’m sorry. I don’t work here.
Bazinga. Bazinga. Bazinga. Bazinga. Bazinga. Bazinga
Actually, he might have to. There’s an economic concept known
as a positional good in which an object is only
valued by the possessor because it’s not possessed by others.
The term was coined in 1976 by economist Fred Hirsch
to replace the more colloquial, but less precise neener-neener.
In pre-1976 terms, neener-neener.
Given that Saint Valentine was a third century Roman priest
who was stoned and beheaded, wouldn’t a more appropriate celebration
of the evening be taking one’s steady gal to witness
a brutal murder?
Professor Norton, although, God knows why. He hasn’t published anything
of note since he won that Nobel Prize.
In Switzerland or with the big-boobed weather girl?
This is incredible! I’m so happy, I’m not even going
to question their judgment in picking you. I’m just going
to run home and start packing.
Of course, my good friend. Come in. Help me out,
which ski hat says après supercollider?
Well, of course you are. Who else would you take?
What? That’s absurd. Pennyy has no interest in subatomic particle
research.
But Pennyy has no interest in subatomic particle research.
Sorry? I’ve been dreaming about going to the Large Hadron
Collider since I was nine years old.
Shame on you! That’s no dream for a scientist!
Not so fast. You might want to hold off on
lighting your rabeliechtli, Pennyy.
Rabeliechtli. It means turnip light and refers to a traditional
lantern hand-carved from a root vegetable and used to celebrate
certain Swiss festivals. Which you will not be celebrating because,
A, these festivals occur in the fall, and B, you
will not be going to Switzerland.
Afraid not. Do you recognize this?
Indeed, the roommate agreement. I call your attention to the
Friendship Rider in Appendix C, Future Commitments. Number 37, in
the event one friend is ever invited to visit the
Large Hadron Collider, now under construction in Switzerland, he shall
invite the other friend to accompany him.
He can’t kill me, even if I turn.
No, that seemed a little farfetched.
I’ve lived up to all my commitments under the agreement.
At least once a day I ask how you are,
even though I simply don’t care. I no longer stage
spontaneous biohazard drills after 10 pm And I abandoned my
goal to master Tuvan throat singing.
I’d be much further along if I’d been allowed to
practice.
Is that your final decision?
Very well.
All right. This game is called Traitors. I will name
three historical figures, you put them in order of the
heinousness of their betrayal. Benedict Arnold, Judas, Dr. Leonardard Hofstadter.
You’re right. Judas had the decency to hang himself after
what he did.
Round two, Leonardard Hofstadter, Darth Vader, Rupert Murdoch.
He owns Fox, and they cancelled Firefly. Hint, he and
Darth Vader are tied for number 2.
Morning, old chum.
I’ve made you breakfast. Juice, coffee, and pancakes in the
shape of some of your favorite fictional characters. See, here’s
Frodo.
Yeah, I used coconut shavings to do the hair on
his feet. If you need to void your bladder before
eating, I can keep them warm with this beret that
I thoroughly laundered and pressed into service as a pancake
cosy.
It’s by way of an apology for my recent behaviour.
I’ve had some time to reflect and I’ve come to
realize that friendship is not an aggregation of written agreements.
It’s a result of two people respecting and caring for
each other. Butterscotch scone?
What you’re tasting is respect and affection. And about a
pound of Crisco. After you’ve finished breakfast, I thought we
could spend the day watching the final season of Babylon
5 with director commentary.
I do. It fails as drama, science fiction, and it’s
hopelessly derivative. But you like it, and you’re my friend.
Drat. No Frodo for you.
Hello.
Alright, let’s dispense with the friendly banter, I believe you
know why I’m here.
Yes, amusing. Extraordinary intelligence might well appear extraterrestrial to you,
but let me be more specific. I believe you know
why I’m here in the laundry room.
It’s actually not bad. But my true purpose in being
here will be revealed in this brief PowerPoint presentation. Lights.
Why Sheldondon Cooper, PhD, should go to Switzerland to see
the CERN supercollider. A PowerPoint presentation by Sheldondon Cooper, PhD.
Here we have a highly gifted researcher in the field
of particle physics whose work has brought him to the
precipice of forever changing mankind’s understanding of the universe. AKA
me. And here we have a waitress brushing her teeth
with her finger. AKA you.
Please hold all questions to the end of the presentation.
This is the Large Hadron Collider at CERN in Switzerland,
the product of decades of planning and construction. It is
a Mecca for physicists the world over. This is Bath
and Body Works on Colorado Boulevard. They sell scented soaps
and lotions, some of which contain glitter. Now, let’s see
if we can match the individual to the appropriate destination.
No, it’s not. I’ve got five more slides.
Very well. Enjoy yourself. You’re going to be in the
presence of something that I’ve dreamed of seeing for decades.
I just hope you’ll be able to appreciate the magnitude
of where you are and what it represents.
You will?
Oh, Pennyy, thank you!
Since I rarely hug, I’m relying on your expertise regarding
duration.
Oh, good. Bye-bye.
All right, my friend. Would you like some cholermus?
Cholermus. It’s a traditional Swiss breakfast dish. I’m preparing my
gastrointestinal system for the exotic cuisine of Switzerland.
Oh, but I am. Didn’t Pennyy tell you the good
news?
Yes, that good news.
Howardrd, could you lower the lights? I have a short
PowerPoint presentation.
That’s a somewhat ambiguous response. Am I going or not?
Really?
Well then, you leave me no alternative. From this moment
forward, we can be roommates, but we will no longer
be friends.
I don’t think you’re fully aware of the ramifications here,
Leonardard.
With the friendship clause of our roommate agreement nullified you
are no longer entitled to accompany me to go swimming
at Bill Gates’ house should I be invited.
Great. I’ll start packing. In a minute. Oh, look, it’s
the cholermus.
Chicken?
With the little stars?
Heated to 180 degrees?
You don’t have to be mean. I’m sick.
Not my problem. I just don’t understand how this happened
to me. I’m scrupulous about my hygiene. I regularly disinfect
my hands, and I avoid contact with other people on
general principle.
It’s you! I touched you!
Did he finally write a sequel to his autobiography? I’m
sure ages 79 through 87 were just action-packed.
Oh, I don’t want to know that! How can I
possibly discuss with Stan Lee the scientific foundations for interstellar
flight on a silver surfboard when part of my brain
will be scanning his face for signs of contagious skin
disease?
Well, look who thinks he’s Stuartrt’s uncle now.
I’ve decided I’m going to have Mr. Lee sign my
copy of this month’s Batman.
Yes, which is why no one else will ask him
to sign one, and I will be the possessor of
a unique, albeit confusing, artifact, which will set me apart
from the hoi polloi of comic book fandom.
What is it about the word unique you don’t understand?
There’s Neosporin and Band-Aids in my top desk drawer.
Yeah, but the ones in my pocket are mine.
Because most of the things I’m planning to buy haven’t
been invented yet.
I don’t trust banks. I believe that when the robots
rise up, ATMs will lead the charge.
Undoubtedly yet another snide response to my repeated letters complaining
that the flags in front of the courthouse are flying
in the wrong order. From left to right, it’s supposed
to be federal, state, and then city of Pasadena.
It bothers me.
A summons for what?
November 16? Pennyy, that’s the evening you fell in your
bathtub and I had to drive you to the emergency
room.
Yes, it is.
Pennyy, I have an eidetic memory. Also, that’s a picture
of you in the passenger seat holding your dislocated shoulder.
Okay, then why is a summons for a traffic violation
committed in your car, bearing your license plates, coming to
me?
So you betrayed me?
But the only reason I was driving your car was
because you were in distress and I was rescuing you.
I’m not going to pay a fine. That would imply
I’m guilty.
I am not guilty. I only have a learner’s permit,
Pennyy was the teacher. When the light turned yellow she
said go, go, go, so I went, went, went.
You don’t need to reimburse me because I’m not paying.
On Thursday, I will have my day in court and
justice will be done. In fact, I’m going to begin
preparing my defence right now.
Now you see what you’ve done? Because of you, we’re
all going to miss Stan Lee.
Well, you’re my friends. You’ll be standing by my side,
supporting me, feeding me legal precedents, and if you had
the upper body strength, carrying me out on your shoulders
when I’m victorious.
Are you saying that you will not stand beside me
as I plead my case?
Howardrd?
Raj? You’ll be there, won’t you? All right, then, my
so-called friends have forsaken me. So, I guess it’ll just
be me and my eyewitness.
Please try to wear something appropriate. It won’t help my
case if the judge is busy trying to read the
word Juicy scrawled across your buttocks.
Pennyy. Pennyy.
That’s just wrong.
Wait, hold on. Before we get to the courthouse, I’d
like to call on your skills as an actress.
I’ve taken the liberty of scripting your appearance on the
witness stand because, let’s face it, you’re somewhat of a
loose cannon. Now, don’t worry, it’s written in your vernacular.
So shall we rehearse?
Well, of course you have a choice. Although we live
in a deterministic universe, each individual has free will. Now,
sit down. I call your attention to the events of
November 16. Do you remember that date?
Excellent. Go on.
And who performed that heroic act?
There’s no need for compliments, this court is only interested
in the facts.
Only a suggestion. A catch in your throat would work
just as well.
Maybe you should put on your Juicy pants again.
Good morning, Your Honour. Dr. Sheldondon Cooper appearing in pro
se. That is to say, representing himself.
And yet you wound up in traffic court. Anyway, if
it would please the court, I’d like to begin with
an opening statement.
Very well, a quick opening statement. Like a milking stool,
my case rests on three legs. I will demonstrate that
I was improperly instructed in driving by a woman whose
lack of respect for society borders on the sociopathic. I
will argue that the emergency met the legal doctrine of
quod est necessarium est licitum, that which is necessary is
legal. But first, I will raise a Sixth Amendment issue.
I’m unable to confront my accuser, a non-human entity, to
wit, a camera. So, to sum up, improper instruction, quod
est necessarium est licitum, Sixth Amendment. My milk stool is
complete.
Thank you.
I object. You’re completely ignoring the law.
Really? I would point out that I am at the
top of my profession, while you preside over the kiddy
table of yours.
I am a scientist. I never apologize for the truth.
That’s my spot.
Excuse me? Excuse me, jailor?
I need to use the restroom.
That’s the toilet?
Please tell the judge I’m ready to apologize.
You know very well how it went.
I was found guilty and fined $533.
I also now have three points on a driver’s licence
I do not yet possess, and I was forced to
issue an undeserved apology, simply because I refuse to urinate
in a stainless steel bowl in front of criminals.
You had gelato with Stan Lee?
Well, I hope you’re satisfied, Pennyy. You are responsible for
all the evil that has befallen me today.
Not finished. It is because of you that I now
have a criminal record, and it is because of you
that I missed out on having gelato with Stan Lee.
No, no. I will never have another chance to have
gelato with Stan Lee because opportunities to have gelato with
Stan Lee come but once in a lifetime. The moving
finger writes, and having writ, moves on!
This is Stan Lee’s front door. We were on Stan
Lee’s curb, then we were on Stan Lee’s walk, and
now we’re at Stan Lee’s front door.
Oh, Lord, you just rang Stan Lee’s doorbell. At Stan
Lee’s house. We’re about to go in and have milk
and cookies with Stan Lee.
We’re not friends at the moment. Depends on how this
goes.
You said we were invited.
Well, I’m not much of a sports fan, but thank
you.
I’ll tell you where I’ve been. You boys may have
had gelato with Stan Lee and gotten autographed comics, but
I saw the inside of his house and got an
autographed application for a restraining order.
Plus, I get to hang out with him again at
the hearing. This is going to look great hanging next
to my restraining order from Leonardard Nimoy.
Well, it’s very simple. In our ragtag band of scientists
with nothing to lose, I’m the smart one, Wolowitz is
the funny one, and Koothrappali is the lovable foreigner who
struggles to understand our ways and fails. That leaves you,
by default, as the muscle.
Of course not. And, technically, magic beans would be food,
although eating them would be quite a waste, since you
could plant them and overnight have a giant beanstalk, which
would provide enough roughage for a small city.
Who’s Adam West? Leonardard, what do the two of you
talk about after the coitus?
No, what’s sad is that you don’t know Adam West
was TV’s Batman.
Fascinating.
It appears to be a Lord of the Rings ring.
It’s not Elvish. It’s the language of Mordor written in
Elvish script. One Ring to rule them all.
Yes, there is. Oh, here’s a fun fact, ketchup started
out as a general term for sauce, typically made of,
uh, mushrooms or fish brine with herbs and spices. Some
popular early main ingredients included blueberry, anchovy, oyster, kidney bean
and grape.
If you’re suggesting that that is the actual ring of
power forged by Sauron in Mount Doom, I look at
you with an expression of exhaustion and ever so slight
amusement.
Mine!
Well, yes, but I found it in the box, and
the laws of maritime salvage clearly state that the finder
of a sunken treasure is the owner of the treasure.
Other than the lack of water, how is it not?
We can’t sell it. We have to keep it and
love it and polish it, and only take it out
occasionally when we go to the park and re-enact our
favourite scenes from the movies.
You mean my ring?
The ring was unguarded, it was just sitting on the
table, anyone could have taken it. Proof? I did.
I found it. The ring is mine. I don’t understand
why in this group I never get my way.
I’ll stipulate to that if you give me the ring.
Looking for something?
Ow! You hit me! I’m bleeding!
It’s not the first time. I have a twin sister
whose assaults began in utero. If only I’d had the
presence of mind to reabsorb her, then I’d have a
mole with hair in it instead of a tedious yearly
Christmas letter.
You mean this ring? Next time be aware of your
surroundings while urinating in a public men’s room.
No, it’s mine.
I would advise the three of you that resistance is
futile. I have endless patience. I once spent two-and-a-half hours
on hold with Hewlett-Packard customer service just to complain about
their customer service.
Excellent, excellent. Tire each other out, the ring will be
mine. Howardrd, why don’t you go after Raj’s mother?
Go ahead. I have no illusions about my mother. She
is a kind, loving, religiously fanatical right-wing Texan with a
slightly out-of-scale head and a mild Dr. Pepper addiction. Anything
you’d like to add?
No! I call no Meemaws.
I don’t want to hear this.
Never.
Stop it!
I said stop it!
Waterfalls!
Waterfalls. Crashing waves. Babbling brooks.
Subliminal messaging. I’m going to make you want to pee.
Dripping faucets. Leaky gutter. Peeing.
Oh-ho-ho, it’s working all right. I have to pee.
Wait, just to clarify. When you get to three, do
we stand up or do we pee?
Excellent choice.
I’ve done it! I’ve won! The ring is mine! It’s
mine! We’re going to clean it up and make it
pretty. My own. My love. My precious. Where’s the ring?
I knew it. Give us the precious!
Give it, give it to me!
Give it, give it to me!
It amazes me how you constantly obsess over fictional details
when there are more important things in the real world
to worry about. For example, why wasn’t William Shatner in
the new Star Trek movie?
And you want to rub my nose in the fact
that my contributions are being overlooked again? I am the
William Shatner of theoretical physics. All right, I’ll play. What
self-important, preening fraud are they honouring this year?
I won?
I won! This is astonishing. Not that I won the
award, no one deserves it more. Actually, I guess I
misspoke. It’s not astonishing, more like inevitable. I’m not sure
what to do first. Maybe I should call my mother.
Wait! I know, I’m going to conduct an interview with
myself and post it online.
Oh, that will be another congratulatory call for me. Uh,
mute, please.
Hello? Oh, Chancellor Morton, how are you, sir? Yes, I
was expecting your call three years ago. I see. Wait.
What happens if I choose not to give a speech?
Uh-huh. And if I don’t want to forfeit the award?
Well, you’ve got that tied up in a neat little
bow. All right. Thank you. Problem.
They expect me to give a speech at the banquet.
I can’t give a speech.
I am perfectly comfortable speaking to small groups. I cannot
speak to large crowds.
Any group big enough to trample me to death. General
rule of thumb is 36 adults or 70 children.
I’m not accepting the award.
Thank you. Yeah, I’ll bear that in mind if I’m
ever nominated for the Hillbilly Peace Prize.
Am I? Let me tell you a story.
I was 14 and graduating summa cum laude from college.
Summa cum laude is Latin for with highest honours.
I was valedictorian and expected to give an address. Even
now, I can remember that moment when I walked up
to the podium and looked out at the crowd. There
must have been thousands of people. My heart started pounding
in my chest. I began to hyperventilate. My vision became
blurry, and before I knew it… oh, dear.
Don’t trample me.
Come on, Mother, you know why I can’t accept the
award. With all due respect, I don’t think praying will
help. No, I have not heard the song, Jesus, Take
the Wheel. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, you
don’t need to start singing it. Yes, I’ll buy it
on the iTunes, Mother. Good-bye, Mother. Hello.
Am I in trouble? Did my mother call you?
Oh, I doubt that. I haven’t figured out a way,
and I’m much smarter than all of you.
Oh, I’m sorry, that is what I meant.
I do like the X-Men.
I don’t know. If you’re my X-Men, what are your
powers?
That’s not exactly a mutation that would get you into
Xavier’s School for Gifted Youngsters, but go on. Leonardard?
What qualifies you to attempt to understand my mind?
I see. Well, I assume, since the rest of you
have set the bar so low, you’re saving the most
impressive contribution for last. Go ahead, Howardrd. Dazzle me.
And I appreciate the pretence.
No. The X-Men were named for the X in Charles
Xavier. Since I am Sheldondon Cooper, you will be my
C-Men.
And yet, you can’t speak to women.
Okay, but don’t punch me.
When I was little, my sister would say to me,
close your eyes, you’ll get a surprise, and then she’d
punch me.
That’s what my sister used to say.
I’m sorry. Proceed.
Sim City. More specifically, the Sim City I designed, Sheldondonopolis.
Where exactly? Sheldondon Square? Sheldondon Towers? Sheldondon Stadium, home of
the Fighting Sheldondons?
I thought this was supposed to be a guided meditation.
Really? This time of year? It’s a bit nippy.
Suppose I could run downtown and pick up something at
Sheldon-Mart.
You know, the nice thing about Sheldon-Mart is I own
it, so I get a 15% discount.
Look, I didn’t turn a profit last quarter by taking
product off the Sheldonves willy-nilly.
Hang on. It’s a cardigan. I have to button it.
Oh, no.
A Godzilla-like monster is approaching the city. I have to
get my people to safety. People of Sheldondonopolis, this is
your mayor. Follow me. If the children can’t run, leave
them behind. Oh, the simulated horror! Raj? Just as I
suspected. Meditation is nothing but hokum.
I question your premise. How is a new suit going
to prevent me from passing out in front of a
ballroom full of people?
Don’t you eventually realize you’re just the same stressed out
person in a cute top or a fun skirt?
It’s only one colour.
That’s a lot of money for only one colour.
Hmm. This is pretty sharp.
This is great. I had a suit like this when
I was six. Okay, I think we have a winner.
In the prom department.
Says the former member of the Corn Queen’s Court.
Okay. But anything I put on now is only going
to suffer in comparison. This is absurd. I look like
a clown.
That’s how you start a psychotherapy session? How am I
doing? I was promised a riverboat journey into the jungles
of my subconscious. Instead, I get the same question I
hear from the lady who slices my bologna at Ralph’s.
Would it be helpful to you if I told you
about my dreams?
I recently had a dream that I was a giant.
But everything around me was to scale, so it all
looked normal.
I was wearing size a million pants.
Ah, the talking cure. Classical Freudian, good choice. If it
will help speed things along, uh, my answers to the
standard Rorschach ink blot test are A, a bat, B,
a bat, C, a bat, and D, my father killing
my mother with a hypodermic needle.
Really, Leonardard? You’re just going to try to recycle Adler’s
doctrine of the inferiority complex? I could probably get that
from the woman at Ralph’s. And she’d let me taste
some pieces of cheese for free.
And how did that make you feel?
Go on.
So, I hear you saying you’re angry with your mother.
Thank you, Leonardard.
If someone as damaged as you can find his way
to crawl out of bed each morning, I think I
can face a simple award ceremony.
Oh, dear.
I’m getting dizzy.
I can’t do this. I’m going to faint.
Alcohol? I don’t drink alcohol.
I don’t feel different, this alcohol’s defective.
I’m ready.
Thanks, shorty,I’ll take it from here. All right, you people
ready to have some fun? You have a basic understanding
of differential calculus and at least one year of algebraic
topology? Well, then here come the jokes. Why did the
chicken cross the Mobius strip? To get to the same
side, bazinga! All right, a neutron walks into a bar
and asks, how much for a drink? The bartender says,
for you, no charge. Hello? I know you’re out there.
I can hear you metabolizing oxygen and expelling carbon dioxide.
Looks like we have some academic dignitaries in the audience.
Dr. Randall from the geology department, only man who’s happy
when they take his work for granite. Ba-da cha! I
kid the geologists, of course, but it’s only ’cause I
have no respect for the field. Let’s get serious for
a moment. Why are we all here? ‘Cause we’re scientists.
And what do scientists study? The universe. And what’s the
universe made of? I am so glad you asked. There’s
antimony, arsenic, aluminium, selenium, and hydrogen and oxygen and nitrogen
and rhenium, and nickel, neodymium, neptunium, germanium… Everybody! And iron,
americium, ruthenium, uranium, europium, zirconium, lutetium, vanadium… Just the Asians!
And lanthanum and osmium, and astatine and radium…
Pennyy, Leonardard. Would you be able to answer some questions
I’m having about the events of last night?
Question one, where are my pants?
What do I search?
All right, people, let’s get down to the math. It
is only three dimensional thinking that limits our imagination. Can
I take my pants off over my head? Of course
not. My body’s in the way. But if we had
access to higher dimensions, we could move our pants around
our bodies through the fourth dimension and our days of
dropping trousers would be over.
Oh, Lord, this couldn’t be any more humiliating.
Now, for the astronomers in the audience, get ready to
see the dark side of the moon. And here’s Uranus.
You are ignoring the square-cube law. The giant ant would
be crushed under the weight of its own exoskeleton. And
for the record, the appropriate ranking of cool modes of
transportation is jet pack, hoverboard, transporter, Batmobile, and then giant
ant.
Perhaps he’s at a sensitive point in his monthly cycle.
Not literally. But as far back as the 17 th
century, scientists observed a 33-day fluctuation in men’s hormone levels.
Rabbits do have a respiratory system that would support great
size. And on a side note, they are one of
the few mammals whose scrotum is in front of the
penis.
For the record, giant rats are possible.
Of course they are. Leonardard’s being one.
But I sense you’re going to and I don’t want
to hear about it. Excuse me.
Oh, yes. In fact, I’ve prepared some trash talk for
the occasion. You bowl like your mama. Unless, of course,
she bowls well. In which case, you bowl nothing like
her.
That is what is referred to as a burn on
you.
Good, Pennyy, reminder, bowling tonight at seven o’clock.
We would indeed. In this particular case, your lack of
femininity works to our advantage.
Sarcasm?
Remember, seven o’clock.
Pacific Daylight time!
Please reserve that butch spirit for the lanes.
These are my own bowling shoes.
I know where my feet have been.
Well, well, well. If it isn’t Wil Wheaton, the Green
Goblin to my Spider-Man, the Pope Paul the fifth to
my Galileo, the Internet Explorer to my Firefox.
I’m the proud owner of Wil Wheaton stinks dot com,
dot net, and dot org. What does that tell you?
Oh, I’m ready. I don’t know if Stuartrt told you
what you’re up against tonight, but before you stands the
co-captain of the East Texas Christian Youth Holy Roller Bowling
League championship team. Seven to twelve year-old division. Also, Pennyy’s
pretty good.
Oh, foolish Wil Wheaton, it was never off.
A common spare. The Miss Congeniality of the bowling pageant.
Before you jump on Twitter to tout your modest accomplishment,
watch how it’s really done. I am the ball. My
thoughts are its thoughts. Its holes are my holes. Yes.
Tweet that, Tweety Bird.
Pennyy, Pennyy, Pennyy.
This is for you.
I’ve been familiarizing myself with female emotional crises by studying
the comic strip Cathy. When she’s upset, she says Ach
and eats ice cream.
If you were a cat, I would have brought you
a lasagna.
No, we haven’t spoken since your abrupt departure last night
caused us to forfeit to Stuartrt and his dastardly ringer
Wil Wheaton.
I’m not too proud to admit that I cried myself
to sleep.
And let me tell you sleep did not come easily
with Leonardard in the next room singing along with Alanis
Morrisette.
No. Clearly another woman in dire need of ice cream.
The part where I tell you I’ve engineered a rematch
with Stuartrt’s team for tonight.
You want me to remove him from the team? I’m
the captain, I can do that.
When are you going to talk to him?
He’s in the laundry room now. Now would be a
good time.
Oh, I think we both know the answer to that
question.
All right! Fence mended, problem swept under the rug. Time
to bowl! Yes, I was eavesdropping, there’s a lot at
stake here.
Attention, all bowlers. I’ve taken the liberty of having these
made for our rematch.
No, not the Wesley Crushers. The Wesley “Crushers.”
It’s a blindingly clever play on words. By appropriating his
character’s name and adding the S, we imply that we
we’ll be the crushers of Wesley.
What? No! Again, it’s not the Wesley Crushers. It’s the
Wesley “Crushers.”
Do you people even hear yourselves? It’s not the Wesley
Crushers. It’s not the “Wesley” Crushers. It’s the Wesley “Crushers.”
No, it’s not the… Never mind.
Oh, yes. The losers will be publicly humiliated in a
fashion to be chosen by the victor. FYI, I plan
on having you publish a scientific paper expounding the discredited
Velikovsky hypothesis.
Oh, yes? Well, before I respond, let me ask you
a question. Is your mother a good or poor bowler?
No, after you, as we are currently crushing you, Wesley.
All right.
I so loathe you.
That’s not even from your franchise!
Be the ball, Howardrd.
You weren’t the ball.
Excuse me. I don’t know who you’re chanting for as
I am currently the ball.
Thank you, Jesus! As my mother would say.
Did you let Wil Wheaton get in your head?
He’s evil. He plays evil mind games. Did he tell
you his grandmother died?
Well, if he does, don’t believe it. He’s not above
playing the dead meemaw card.
Enjoy the accolades now, Wil Wheaton, but like your time
on Star Trek: Next Generation, your smug self-satisfaction will be
short-lived.
All right, remember, his meemaw’s alive and be the ball.
Wait! Where are you going? Pennyy, come back! I’ll get
you ice cream!
Are you insane? If she leaves, it’s over!
You did this, didn’t you?
No, I suppose not.
Wheaton!
Uh-oh.
I was going to get my mail.
I think you mean telekinetically. And no, I just wasn’t
sure of the proper protocol now that you and Leonardard
are no longer having coitus.
Well, we could if it were true. But as you
live in the same building, you see each other all
the time. The variable which has changed is the coitus.
Good, good. I’m glad we’re still friends.
Oh, yes. It was a lot of work to accommodate
you in my life. I’d hate for that effort to
have been in vain.
Just to be clear do I have to stop saying
coitus with everyone or just you?
Harsh terms. But all right, I’ll just substitute intercourse.
Or fornication. Yeah. But that has judgmental overtones, so I’ll
hold that in reserve.
Well, my existence is a continuum, so I’ve been what
I am at each point in the implied time period.
Bazinga.
He seems all right. Although he does spend a disturbing
amount of time looking at photographs of you and smelling
the pillow you slept on. Oh, but now that I
think of it, he asked me not to tell you
that.
I’d rather you pretend I didn’t say it. I see
you bought Mama Italia marinara spaghetti sauce.
That’s the sauce my mother uses. She likes cooking Italian
because according to her, that’s what the Romans made Jesus
eat.
I’m hungry now.
Will you cut up hot dogs into little chunks and
mix them in with the sauce?
Oh, it’s all right, I do. Oh! You’re in for
what my mother calls a real Eye-talian treat.
I was talking with Pennyy.
Is he making any progress? Because I’d like to erase
Ben Affleck as Daredevil.
Which one picks last?
Well, usually I’m on the team that picks last. Unless
there’s a kid in a wheelchair.
Well, of course I’m hungry. And as I have no
plans to eat with any other team, I will consume
my tangerine chicken with the appropriate gusto. Mm, mm, mm!
Just out of curiosity, do we still have hot dogs?
Just making dinner conversation. Go, Team Leonardard!
Certainly. It’s not like I have to moderate my food
intake because I’m planning on eating again very shortly. Mm,
mm, mm!
Excuse me, I’m thirsty, so I’m going to go to
the refrigerator and get myself a refreshing beverage.
Ah, I do so love beverages. Now I think I’ll
take my after-dinner walk.
I read a study online that walking after a meal
not only aids in digestion, but increases serotonin, and you
know me, if there’s one thing I like more than
a refreshing beverage, it’s serotonin. Bye-bye.
Oh, that’s not necessary. You can go first.
I can’t think of a reason why not.
Hold on. Nope, no reason.
All right, say hello to your mother for me.
What?
I didn’t say outside.
No, of course not. That would be odd and suspicious
behavior.
Which way are you going?
I’m going the other way. Bye.
No. I mean, I have no idea what you smell.
Perhaps you’re getting a brain tumour.
I shall. Have a nice scoot.
Oh. Hello, doggie. Nice doggie. I bet you think you
smell hot dogs. Look, a cat!
Pennyy, Pennyy. Pennyy. Here. I had to trade the others
for my life.
Mmm, mmm, mmm. That’s Eye-talian.
Oh, yes. In fact, he said, I’m fine, I don’t
care. And he in no way said it in a
manner which would lead one to believe that he was
covering up feelings of anguish and betrayal.
I’m also pleased to report that he’s all cried out
over you.
Oh, I believe that was something else I wasn’t supposed
to mention.
Do you have a stomach ache, too?
No.
Just making polite dinner conversation. Your turn.
Well, my new shoes are not made for running.
No. It’s just a suspicion I have. Mmm, mmm, mmm.
I do. Leonardard never cooks for me.
You can’t cook and you made me this.
Oh, Lord, I’m in Jewish hell.
I told you, walking.
I got lost.
Satellites are down. Solar flares.
Yes, there are.
I’m sorry. I misspoke. What I meant to say was
my battery died.
Leonardard, Leonardard, Leonardard.
Thanks for seeing me on such short notice.
Maybe this isn’t a good time.
Do you really think death threats are an appropriate way
to begin this conversation? Sometimes your lack of social skills
astonishes me.
You may want to sit down.
Point taken. You may want to sit up.
I’ve been seeing Pennyy behind your back.
We had dinner last night. She made me spaghetti with
little hot dogs cut up in it. Well, little hot
dog. I gave up the other five hot dogs to
a real dog. A real, big dog. A hell hound.
Tangential to the primary story. How about I circle back
to it?
I told you, she made spaghetti with little hot dogs.
I like spaghetti with little hot dogs.
I didn’t want to upset you. Howardrd made it very
clear that my allegiance should be to male comrades before
women who sell their bodies for money.
Yes, but I rephrased it to avoid offending the hos.
Oh. Well, so the emotional turmoil that’s been keeping me
from achieving REM sleep was entirely unjustified?
Well then as my meemaw would say, looks like we
butchered a pig, but nobody wanted bacon.
And now, as promised, the tangent. Sheldondon and the Hell
Hound, or How I Lost My Hot Dogs.
We stayed for the California Adventure water show. It was
pure Disney magic.
It’s all right. I’ll see it again with you.
I can still eat.
Okay, but just don’t fight
Thank you, Pennyy.
No, Goofy, no.
Hold.
Explain your sneeze.
Do you have allergies?
Is there too much pepper on your salad?
I’ve heard enough. Sit over there.
That’s what Typhoid Mary said, and clearly, her friends buckled.
Oh, Leonardard, I have something for you. Per our roommate
agreement, this is your 24-hour notice that I will be
having a non-related female spending two nights in our apartment.
Of course. Pets are banned under the roommate agreement, with
the exception of service animals, such as seeing eye dogs
and, one day, cyBernadetteetically-enhanced helper monkeys.
Sarcasm?
For your information, I’ll be playing host to Dr. Elizabeth
Plimpton.
Yes. And until you acquire a surgical mask, please address
your comments to me through a napkin. We’ve been corresponding
for years about our mutual interest in gravitational wave signatures
of inflatons in the early universe. And now she’s under
consideration for a position at our university.
I didn’t realize I was obligated to share my connection
with things you’re a fan of, but very well. You
enjoy Canadian bacon. I’ve been to Toronto.
My room, of course.
Go ahead.
A, I rarely kid. And B, when I do kid,
you will know it by my use of the word
bazinga.
Yes. Bazinga. Leonardard?
Well, she doesn’t care for hotels. And who can blame
her? Windows that don’t open, multi-user linens, keys shaped like
credit cards, as if one walks around with unassigned slots
in one’s wallet. All right, I believe I have time
for one more question. Yes, Raj?
When I’ve seen two consecutive negative throat cultures spaced 12
hours apart. You know the drill. All right, if you’ll
excuse me, I am off to start a prophylactic course
of antibiotics.
Oh, Pennyy, excellent. I have a question about these maxi
pads. Are the wings truly functional or have I fallen
victim to marketing hype?
The stock boy at Walgreens was frustratingly uninformed on the
subject.
I have a lady friend who will be staying with
me for a few days.
I want her to feel at home. I also bought
scented soaps, pantyhose, Midol, calcium chews and what is apparently
a yogurt specifically designed to regulate the female bowel.
Yes. Why does that seem to flabbergast everybody?
A word of warning. My guest is a noted physicist
and the leading expert on quantum cosmology, so please try
to avoid wasting her time with female jibber jabber.
Shoe sales, hair styles, mud masks, gossip about your friends
Brad and Angelina.
I’m not surprised, considering the way you talk about them
behind their backs.
Oh, good grief. This isn’t about you. Coming! Now listen,
one of the great minds of the 21 st century
is about to play host to one of the other
great minds of the 21 st century. So pay attention.
Years from now, my biographer might ask you about this
event.
Hello.
I would imagine it is. This is my friend and
roommate, Dr. Leonardard Hofstadter.
I apologize. He’s only an experimental physicist.
No, she’s my guest. If anyone should offer her anything,
it should be me. Elizabeth, can I get you something?
Perhaps a feminine hygiene product or a bowel-regulating yogurt?
Excellent. If the yogurt works, I bought some delightful scented
candles.
No, he doesn’t understand. I understand.
You’re just misappropriating my understanding.
From the mind that brought you hi-lo. Let me show
you to your room.
Get it together, man.
All right, let me show you some of the features
of the room. First, windows. Conventional. Open, closed, open, closed,
halfway open, or halfway closed, depending on your philosophical bent.
Over here is my comic book collection. Feel free to
browse. There’s a box of disposable reading gloves on the
night stand.
In here, you’ll find emergency provisions. An eight-day supply of
food and water, a crossbow, season two of Star Trek:
The Original Series on a high-density flash drive.
Then there’s really no reason to live, is there?
He’s an odd duck, isn’t he?
Well, there was a misbegotten adventure with a waitress who
lives across the hall. It ended as inexplicably as it
began. They had very little in common, except for carnal
activity. That’s why I acquired these noise-cancelling headphones. If you
decide to use them, please clean the ear pieces afterwards
with the Wet Wipes you’ll find in the bathroom. They’re
in the drawer labelled Wet Wipes.
Good. I’ll leave you to your night time ablutions. I’ve
e-mailed you the morning bathroom schedule. You’ll also find a
laminated copy in your welcome packet. It’s on the back
of the emergency escape route diagram.
Sleep well, my friend.
Oh, let me just get one thing. It’s my backup
emergency supply kit. The living room escape route doesn’t pass
through here. Now, good night. And if there’s an apocalypse,
good luck.
Vocal test. Morning vocal test. Second vocal test. Second morning
vocal test.
Morning.
Morning. I trust you had a pleasant night.
Excuse me, I’m going to relieve myself.
Pee for Houston, pee for Austin, pee for the state
my heart got lost in. And shake twice for Texas.
All right, Elizabeth, the bathroom is yours. The seat is
down, and has been sanitized for your protection.
Ah, so the yogurt didn’t work. I’ll fire off a
critical e-mail to the manufacturer.
Did you once again ignore your check engine light?
Leonardard, Pennyy wants to exploit any residual feelings you have
for her in order to get a ride to work.
Wonderful. Meaningless pleasantries accomplished. Elizabeth, Leonardard’s bathroom time is coming
up, and believe me, you do not want to follow
him.
Excuse me. I’m uncomfortable with you recommending that Leonardard pursue
having intercourse with Dr. Plimpton, who I assure you has
better things to do.
That’s preposterous. Tell her, Leonardard.
No.
The implication being that you somehow tripped and fell into
her lady parts?
I must say, I’m shocked by this betrayal.
Not Pennyy, me!
Elizabeth’s my friend, and you’re playing with her!
Dr. Plimpton, I’d like you to meet my colleagues, Dr.
Rajesh Koothrappali
And not-a-doctor Howardrd Wolowitz.
And of course, you’ve already introduced yourself to Dr. Hofstadter.
Let me point out that two degrees can be the
difference between water and steam.
This is the temperature you agreed to in the roommate
agreement.
No, you don’t screw the roommate agreement. The roommate agreement
screws you.
I don’t have to go to Hell. At 73 degrees,
I’m there already!
Yes?
I know what I said. I know what you said.
I know what my mother said on March 5, 1992.
What is the sixth noble gas?
You said you’re a scientist. What is the sixth noble
gas?
Are you asking me or telling me?
All right, next question. Kirk or Picard?
Correct. You’ve passed the first barrier to roommate-hood. You may
enter.
That depends.
No, but your ability to perceive their existence is conditional
on you passing the second and third barriers.
Each more daunting than the last. Have a seat.
No! That’s where I sit!
This seat is ideally located both in relation to the
heat source in the winter and a cross breeze in
the summer. It also faces the television at a direct
angle allowing me to immerse myself in entertainment or game
play without being subjected to conversation. As a result, I’ve
placed it in a state of eternal dibs.
Cathedra mea, regulae meae. That’s Latin for my chair, my
rules. Now, you said on the phone that your area
of study is physics.
Hmm.
Doesn’t concern you. You’ll be going to the university every
day?
And you have a vehicle?
And you’ll be willing to drive me?
I can. I choose not to.
Why don’t you let me do this.
Last question. In a post-apocalyptic world, which task would you
assign the highest priority? Locating a sustainable food source, re-establishing
a functioning government, procreating, or preserving the knowledge of mankind?
That’s correct. FYI, I would have accepted any answer other
than procreating. Come, I’ll show you the rest of the
apartment.
The second barrier. Don’t get cocky. This is the bathroom.
Are you fairly regular?
This isn’t going to work if you’re guessing. When do
you evacuate your bowels?
When you have to? I’m sorry, I don’t rent to
hippies.
I can’t give you eight. I can give you seven
thirty.
Third barrier passed. You have won the right to see
your room. Huzzah!
No, this is my room. People don’t go in my
room.
I don’t understand.
Do you do this often?
Your room. You may want to repaint.
Roommates agree that Friday nights shall be reserved for watching
Joss Whedon’s brilliant new series Firefly.
We might as well settle it now, it’s going to
be on for years. Initial here. All right, that’s television
and movies. Section nine, miscellany. The apartment’s flag is a
gold lion rampant on a field of azure.
Never fly it upside down unless the apartment’s in distress.
And next, if either of us ever invents time travel,
we agree our first stop will be this meeting today
in precisely five seconds.
Well that’s disappointing.
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonardard?
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonardard?Leonardard?
I’m just going to keep knocking till you answer. (Knock,
knock, knock) Leonardard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonardard? (Knock, knock, knock)
Leonardard?
You asked what I wanted. I wanted to come in.
I’m here because you violated our roommate agreement. Specifically, section
eight, visitors, subsection C, females, paragraph four, coitus. Roommates shall
give each other 12 hours notice of impending coitus.”
12 hours? (End of flashback.)
What is going on here?
I’ll get to you later. What are you sitting on?
Explain the couch.
But what’s wrong with the furniture we have?
Did it occur to you that was by design?
But you didn’t notify me by e-mail, so this is
still a breach.
Oh, you did, did you? Oh, drat! Hoisted by my
own spam filter.
I put you there after you forwarded me a picture
of a cat playing the piano, entitled this is funny.
I assure you, you’ll be sorry you wasted your money
on an iPod when Microsoft comes out with theirs.
Yes.
It’s not an assumption. Change seats with me.
I don’t like this spot. I have to keep turning
my head.
We don’t watch Babylon 5 in this apartment.
Because no one likes Babylon 5.
They don’t get a vote. It’s one against one. And
according to the roommate agreement, all ties will be settled
by me.
And I said yes. And I settle all ties. Change
seats with me.
There’s a draft on my neck over here.
You’re protected by your turtleneck.
Hmm, I’m still not comfortable. Of course. There’s too many
people here.
Wait. Let me get my jacket.
Why not?
Oh. Well, in that case, I don’t need my jacket.
And for the record, the correct syntax is I’m the
guy from whom you’re trying to get away. Oh, yes,
this is definitely going to be my spot. (End of
flashback.)
Won’t work.
You don’t see your mistake, do you?
This is for a full-scale rocket, not a model.
Not correctly.
Give me that. (Takes the rocket fuel. Puts it in
elevator. Presses button and jumps out.)
You’re welcome. (End of flashback.)
Oh, Ubuntu, you are my favourite Linux-based operating system.
Hello. Why do I smell methacrylate?
There’s doubt?
That’s not an apology, simply an acknowledgement that I was
right.
There you go.
Good what?
Go ahead.
I can hear it!
I would hardly call that dialogue!
Don’t make me turn that flag upside down, ’cause you
know I’ll do it!
I should’ve brought an umbrella.
I know that, but with skin as fair as mine,
moon burn is a real possibility.
One of my best, don’t you think?
Leonardard, Leonardard. What is that? What is that?
How on earth can you say dirty sock and relax
in the same sentence?
Not my world.
I wasn’t aware that lunar ranging was her thing. Although,
I suppose the retro-reflector left on the moon by Neil
Armstrong does qualify as a shiny object.
I fail to see how a relationship can have the
qualities of a geographic location.
Thank you. Raj, keep an eye out for the other
one.
Hello.
Yes. In 1917, when Albert Einstein established the theoretic foundation
for the laser in his paper Zur Quantentheorie der Strahlung,
his fondest hope was that the resultant device be bitchin’.
See, now this is a man for Pennyy.
No, it’s not.
Well it’s not a great question. How could somebody possibly
think we’re going to blow up the moon? That’s a
great question.
Make it so.
I was wrong. Pennyy can do better.
He must be very skilled at coitus.
I can’t bring the nitrogen tank down.
All right, let me restate that. It’s very heavy, and
I don’t want to.
Thank you. Lift with your knees, not your back. Good
night.
What’s going on?
Oh! Not this again.
In what universe is this low-pulp? Good morning, Pennyy.
When one gets beaten up every other day in school,
one of necessity develops a keen sense of hearing. Incidentally,
one can get beaten up in school simply by referring
to oneself as one. I’m making English muffins. Would you
like an English muffin?
FYI, my noise-cancelling headphones proved ineffective last night.
As a native Texan, I must say I’ve never heard
the phrase yee-haw used in quite that context.
Oh, God. That I’ve heard on multiple occasions. In what
universe is that lightly toasted? This has to be the
worst day of my life. Good morning, Leonardard.
Counting this instance? 317.
She returned to her apartment. I presume to shower and
vomit. Not necessarily in that order.
Are you expecting me to offer an explanation of human
behaviour?
I have no difficulty believing you’re not butter.
Who’s going to tell whom about what?
Your surprise confuses me. I live here.
Be more specific.
That’s not afternoon. That’s preevning.
It’s a time of day I invented. It better defines
the ambiguous period between afternoon and evening. Preevning. I’m fairly
certain it will catch on as it fills a desperate
need.
Well, tomorrow’s Saturday. Saturday night is laundry night, so I’ll
be spending the preevning pre-sorting and pre-soaking.
I would snort in derision and throw my arms in
the air, exhausted by your constant tomfoolery.
Please. Even assuming you could answer any question the way
I would, the algorithms used by matchmaking sites are complete
hokum.
Well, most of it is being applied to unravelling the
secrets of the universe while the rest of it’s wondering
why I’m having this conversation with you.
He didn’t date. It was pon farr. His blood boiled
with mating lust.
I don’t drink coffee.
As I will not be engaging in this nonsense, my
choice of beverage is moot. But for the record, I
only drink hot chocolate in months with an R in
them.
What’s life without whimsy?
You’re bluffing.
Curse you.
In a few minutes, when I gloat over the failure
of this enterprise, how would you prefer I do it?
The standard I told you so? The classic neener-neener? Or
just my normal look of haughty derision?
Haughty derision it is.
Hello, Amy Farrah Fowler. I’m sorry to inform you that
you have been taken in by unsupportable mathematics designed to
prey on the gullible and the lonely. Additionally, I’m being
blackmailed with a hidden dirty sock.
Interesting. My mother and I have the same agreement about
church.
Well, then you might want to avoid East Texas.
May I buy you a beverage?
