Keeping accurate track of your alcohol intake. Smart idea considering
how trampy you get when you’ve had a few.
Well, I heard who you did.
Don’t be so hard on yourself. Do you know the
story of Catherine the Great?
She ruled Russia in the late seventeen hundreds, and one
night, when she was feeling particularly randy, she used an
intricate system of pulleys to have intimate relations with a
horse.
She engaged in interspecies hanky-panky, and people still call her
great. I’m sure your reputation can survive you shagging a
little Indian boy.
You can’t blame yourself. When your prefrontal cortex fails to
make you happy, promiscuity rewards you with the needed flood
of dopamine. We neurobiologists refer to this as the skank
reflex.
Where are we going?
Really? A best friend sleepover? Yay.
We’ll make popcorn, stay up all night and I’ll teach
you my secret language, Op.
Nope. Sounds Gop Rop E A Top.
No, you’re not. You’re gonna Pop A Cop Kop A
Bop A Gop.
Ninety-nine, one hundred. It’s like a waterfall of liquid gold.
My turn.
Oh, I could so see you being the face of
haemorrhoids.
No, I can’t let you do that.
For the first time ever, I have a thriving social
life. And no pressure, but it kind of lives and
dies with you.
A guest in my trundle bed and a boy at
my door? I wish I could tell 13-year-old me it
does get better.
I’ll take your stuff to the bedroom and clear out
a drawer.
No problem. Try and keep it in your pants, okay?
Five, six, seven, eight. Tall and tan and young and
lovely, the girl from Ipanema goes walking, and when she
passes, each one she passes goes…
Oh… You are aware that your ritualistic knocking behaviour is
symptomatic of obsessive compulsive disorder?
Denial. Denial, denial. Come in.
Would you like to hear me play a bossa nova
standard on the harp?
How about the theme song to the classic television show
Diff’rent Strokes? Now the world don’t move to the beat…
Well, that’s every song I know. What’s up?
Best friends, besties, BFFs, peas in a pod, sisters who
would share travelling pants. Go on.
For general educational purposes, or has she acquired a bar
stool dipped in cholera?
Yes, I am.
Sheldon, just because you have a focus on cleanliness bordering
on the psychotic doesn’t mean I have to participate.
Kiss me where I’ve never been kissed before.
Never mind. I’ll talk to Penny.
Will you listen to me play my harp now?
I do appreciate a bargain. This entire ensemble once belonged
to my dead grandmother.
Everything except bra and panties. And they’re a leopard-spotted secret
I share with Victoria.
I just have one question about the chair.
Aren’t you worried about it being unhygienic?
No, he didn’t.
Yes, he did. He absolutely did.
It is?
No, I am your friend. Please don’t be mad at
me.
No, no, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry. I take it
all back. Look. I’m, uh, I’m sitting in your chair.
There’s nothing wrong with it. It’s a great chair. Please
let me continue to be part of your world. Ow!
Something in the chair’s biting my tushy. It’s not important.
Ow!
I swear! Can I tell my doctor? I’m probably gonna
need shots!
No, I have no interest in model trains, stores that
sell them, nor their heartbreaking clientele.
I can’t imagine that would disturb me. Carry on.
Not really, no.
Leonard, please. I don’t need the running commentary.
Yo.
Oh, sure.
I was. Now I’m thinking about what I read. You
all right, Leonard? You seem very uncomfortable.
Should I go? I’ve been told sometimes I overstay my
welcome.
Well, most recently my gynaecologist.
I’m glad to hear you say that, because I’m having
a wonderful time. Hmm, I said the same thing to
my gynaecologist.
How was your shower?
Oh, I’m up all night. I’m like a possum. Boy,
you were not liked in high school, were you?
Mm-hmm. Dear Leonard, you’re really good at science. Maybe one
day you’ll come up with a cure for being a
dork.
If it makes you feel any better, the only person
who signed my yearbook was my mother.
Dear Amy, self-respect and a hymen are better than friends
and fun. Love, Mom.
Well, I had a delightful evening, Leonard. We should do
this again sometime.
Glad to hear it. I need someone to accompany me
to the wedding of Dr. Moranelli and Dr. Gustufson this
Friday. They’re kind of the Brad and Angelina of the
primatology department.
I would, but the last wedding we went to was
a disaster. He behaved like a child the entire time.
Doesn’t matter. You’re out, he’s in. No date to the
prom, two dates to a wedding. Hmm, how times change.
Not without cutting his head open, no. How about making
my eyes like Cleopatra?
Perhaps you’re right. My cheekbones and beckoning pelvis already have
a certain hello sailor quality to them.
I got you this to give to me.
I never went to my prom. My mom paid my
cousin to take me, but he just used the money
to buy drugs.
When you’re done copping a feel, that goes on my
wrist.
Would you like to dance?
You’re not exactly winning any trophies as a conversationalist, either.
Why shouldn’t they be? They have a feverish night of
socially-approved copulation ahead of them. In some cultures, we’d stand
outside of their bedroom cheering as they achieved orgasm.
Leonard, you may not have noticed, but I am being
a delight here. And you’re not holding up your end
of the evening.
I have a kinda-sorta boyfriend who’s playing with a model
train right now, you don’t hear me bitching about it.
Leonard, a word of advice, moody self-obsession is only attractive
in men who can play guitar and are considerably taller
than you.
You have any evidence to support that statement?
Really? Are you willing to draw a moustache on your
finger as a conversational icebreaker? I am.
We just had a lovely meal, the band is on
fire, and you’re sitting next to a beautiful woman wearing
whorish makeup. Why don’t we head outon the dance floor
and see if I can sweat through these dress shields.
Don’t worry, I’ll lead.
Howard?
There we go, last floor.
The hokey pokey is a young man’s game.
You’re welcome.
I excel at spatial reasoning, and I had a hunch
that the graceful slope of its neck would cradle your
genitals nicely.
And again, you’re welcome.
No, thanks. I’m gonna head home.
Good night.
Great. Until I accidentally made Leonard fall in love with
me.
Wine is one of the reasons I’m in this fix.
That and this dang pelvis.
The inevitable, he was lonely and vulnerable from missing his
girlfriend, while I was charming, supportive and, let’s face it,
in this dress, the perfect combination of Madonna and whore.
No, but it’s only a matter of time. How could
I have not seen this coming? Now I’m gonna have
to break the little sad sack’s heart.
Oh, Penny, much as I would treasure knowing that the
two of us had been defiled by the same man,
Leonard just doesn’t get my motor running.
No. I’ll let him have tonight. Then in the morning,
I’ll send him an e-mail letting him know this body
is never gonna be his wonderland. I mean, frankly, you’ve
got a better shot than he does.
Now, I assume we use this same wax later on
to neaten up each other’s bikini regions.
Who’s shocked? I’m not. So, Bernadette, how’s the wedding planning
going? And I’m not asking as a prospective bridesmaid. Pick
me! Pick me!
Homespun stories, knowledge of physics and a bosom that defies
it. You’re the whole package, aren’t you?
Wow.
Cheers.
I don’t understand. What differences does it make if Leonard
goes to Wil Wheaton’s party?
Mortal enemy?
Sheldon, I know you’re a bit of a left-handed monkey
wrench, but, you really have a mortal enemy?
A floppy disk?
How did Wil Wheaton get on the list?
You’re kidding.
It’s not for us to judge. We’re just here to
provide comfort and support while you come to grips with
what a despicable thing you’ve done.
He’s great.
Are you getting sick?
Sheldon, is it possible that your foul mood, or, to
use the clinical term, bitchiness, is because your mother isn’t
making you a priority?
Are you sure? The infant-mother pair-bond is the building block
of primate psychology.
Sheldon, we’re all animals. And granted, there are aspects of
you that are extraordinary, but when it comes to emotions
and relationships, you’re just like everybody else.
Actually, some research indicates that by not over-thinking, the less
intelligent handle emotions better. Sure you’re not coming down with
a cold?
Girlfriends, I have the answer to our dress problems.
Twelve years ago, my cousin Irene and her entire family
died in a horrific carbon monoxide accident the night before
her wedding.
Yes and no. All those bridesmaids dresses remain unused and
available to us for free. So it seems that cloud
of odourless deadly gas had a silver lining after all.
Check it out, still in the bags. The gowns, not
the bridesmaids.
Uh, I was hoping you wouldn’t notice. Irene was always
a slave to a good bargain when it came to
clothes, and sadly as it turned out, space heaters.
Who didn’t? Your skin is like alabaster. Do you even
have pores?
Wait for moi.
Sheldon, sometimes you forget, I’m a lady. And with that
comes an oestrogen fuelled need to page through thick glossy
magazines that make me hate my body.
Your neurology department loaned me a culture of prions for
my research on bovine spongiform encephalopathy.
It’s hard to make degenerative brain maladies hilarious, and yet
somehow you do it.
The real fun starts when you get to pick the
rat you’re going to feed it to, and maybe you
choose the beady-eyed little mother who’s been biting you all
week.
I don’t know, four or five years.
They’re out shopping right now?
Just the two of them?
That’s cool, that’s cool.
Everybody hurts, sometimes everybody cries. Everybody hurts, sometimes.
Sheldon, what are you doing here?
I wanted to be alone.
Sheldon, my world is crumbling around me.
It doesn’t matter. Nothing matters.
Penny and Bernadette went shopping for bridesmaids dresses without me.
Yes.
It’s just, I thought they liked hanging out with me,
but I guess I was fooling myself.
Sheldon, I’m going to ask you something, and I’d like
you to keep an open mind.
At this moment, I find myself craving human intimacy and
physical contact.
Proposal. One wild night of torrid lovemaking that soothes my
soul and inflames my loins.
How about this? French kissing, seven minutes in heaven culminating
in second base.
We cuddle. Final offer.
I’m just saying, second base is right there.
Come on, tumour. Come on, tumour, Mama needs an aggressive
little glioblastoma. Yay, brain tumour! Probably not the same reaction
you had when you got the news.
What are you doing here?
That’s not necessary, it’s like Sesame Street says, one of
these things is not like the other, one of these
things should die alone.
It’s okay. I’m glad this happened. I can stop pretending
that some beautiful girl and her cute-in-the-right-light friend want to
hang out with me.
Don’t. I’ll be okay. You’re not the first girls I
thought were friends with me who ended up shunning me.
It’s like elementary school, junior high, high school, undergrad, grad
school, and that semester abroad in Norway all over again.
You don’t get it. Look at this brain.
This is us. Bernadette, you are the analytical, scientific left
hemisphere. Penny, you’re the creative, spontaneous right hemisphere. And where’s
Amy? She’s right here, the sad little tumour no one
wants to go dress shopping with.
Oh, look. It’s Sheldon and little Leonard. Hi, little Leonard.
Hey, Cuddles.
Well, I came here to get a bottle of wine
like Penny taught me to do when you’re sad.
Didn’t you go to high school, Leonard? Parking lots are
where all the cool kids hang out. Not that the
rat bastards ever invited me.
Oh, hang on, hang on, hang on. Sheldon, what would
it take for you to go into that liquor store,
buy a bottle of hooch, take me across the street
to that motel, and have your way with me?
Whee! Ooh, finally someone found second base.
I know how you feel. I got a knife slicing
through my frontal lobe, too.
What do you want? Do you want me to give
the friendship bracelet back?
When we first met, I made one and pretended you
gave it to me. You can have it back if
you want.
What? Wait, is this some kind of practical joke? Like
in Norway, when my friends trapped me in a sauna
with a horny otter?
Oh, my gosh. No one’s every asked me to be
the maid of honour before. Well, that’s not true. Once,
but then they all died.
Yes. Yes. Oh, my gosh, I, I have so much
to do. There’s the bridal shower and the bachelorette party.
What should we do for the bachelorette party? Oh, I
know, we’ll go to a Native American sweat lodge, we’ll
take peyote, roll around in the mud, and paint fertility
symbols on Bernadette’s naked body. So that’s happening.
I feel like crying. Of course, I could just be
hormonal. Oh, wait. Maybe our menses are finally syncing up.
Bernadette? No? Penny?
Really?
Yay!
Maid of honour Amy Farrah Fowler’s amazing behind-the-scenes wedding video,
take one.
I’m sorry, are you the maid of honour?
So no. And action.
What are you, a nun? Come on, bestie, let’s see
some skin.
You think they don’t have mirrors in there? I know
how I look.
You do.
Not Penny beautiful, but beautiful.
Come on, bestie, you’re up.
What is taking you so long?
Sorry, sorry.
Sorry.
Sheldon, what do you expect us to do?
Yeah, neither of us minored in bird-shooing.
Sheldon, the only way to get past this fear is
to interact with it. Just like you did with the
mailman.
Guess you gotta have hollow bones to get some sugar
around here.
If you’re keeping him, I’ve got a cage you can
borrow. One of the test monkeys slipped on a banana
peel and broke his neck. It was both tragic and
hysterical.
I’m sorry, Sheldon.
Sheldon, I’m disappointed. As a brilliant man, you’re entitled to
a vice. I could understand frequenting an opium den or
hunting your fellow man for sport. But this? Lame-o.
A comic that depicts a woman whose bosom can’t be
used as a floatation device.
I had half a glass.
Or we play Travel Twister.
Excuse me. I’ve passed many an enjoyable evening playing this
game. And I’m sure it’s a lot more exciting when
you play with other people. What do you say, bestie?
We can do shirts and skins. I’m shirts. Called it.
Guys, something happened.
I think a boy likes me.
I don’t know. He’s nice. He’s funny. He has the
sallow, drawn countenance associated with an overactive thyroid gland. That’s
kind of hot.
No, I’m having a nice time.
Sheldon, what are you doing here?
I’m sorry this causes you discomfort, but based on the
currently established parameters of our relationship, I can put myself
in any repellent situation I want.
Anything else?
I’m listening.
Interesting. Now try it without the quadruple negative.
Hi, Stuart.
Yes.
Yes, well, thanks for seeing me to my door.
Um, good night, Stuart.
How did you get into my apartment?
What’s that?
It’s so romantic.
Section 5
Penny, I said right hand red.
Bernadette, left foot yellow.
That’s my boyfriend. It’s open!
What do you want me to do about it?
I should’ve gotten a lawyer.
When Leonard gets back, I’d love to check his serotonin
levels. Do you think he’d let me draw a syringe
full of his blood?
That’s nothing. In ninth grade, the girls put Rogaine in
my hand lotion. Within six months, the nicknames began to
fly. I think the one that hurt the most was
Gorilla Fingers Fowler.
Come on, no one ever gave anyone mean nicknames or
picked on them or put gum in their hairy knuckles
so the school nurse had to use peanut butter to
get it out?
Did Kathy Geiger laugh?
Who would have thought Fuzzy Fingers Fowler is best friends
with a bully?
Shh. That’s how you wind up in a cornfield.
I think your mistake is doing it over the phone.
If they could look into your eyes, they’d melt.
Perhaps you could assuage your guilt through altruism. Which word’s
tripping you up? Assuage or altruism?
I never doubted you.
There’s Habitat for Humanity, building houses for the poor.
How about donating some of your clothes?
I don’t think Mother Teresa… Oh, that is adorable.
You were right, a whole new load.
Check it out, Bernadette, suede boots, your size.
What is it, the fuzz?
I was gleefully following you to a life of crime,
looking forward to the day we might be cell mates.
I don’t know about Bernadette.
Oh, yes. Our relationship agreement specifies that the second Thursday
of every month, or the third Thursday in a month
with five Thursdays, is date night.
How was your day?
Sounds like you hit the ground running. I have a
bit of good news myself. My most recent paper on
how a cooperative long-term potentiation can map memory sequences in
dendritic branches made the cover of Neuron.
That’s nice. Anyway, I’ve been dreaming of this day for
a long time.
Sheldon, I’m the sole author on a paper being published
in a distinguished journal that may change the course of
my field.
Give me a minute. I’m gonna go wash up.
Hey.
What’s he doing here?
Well, I don’t want to talk to him. And I’m
pretty disappointed in you, too. Although we both know that
won’t last.
We both know that’s your koala face.
Jewellery? Seriously? Sheldon, you are the most shallow, self-centred person
I have ever met. Do you really think another transparently
manip..oh! It’s a tiara! A tiara! I have a tiara!
Put it on me, put it on me, put it
on me, put it on me, put it on me,
put it on me, put it on me.
Of course I do, I’m a princess, and this is
my tiara!
Which is why the more intelligent the monkey, the more
faeces they fling.
Ooh!
Ooh!
How come you never invite Sheldon and me on a
double date?
No.
You just can’t handle her raw sexuality, can you?
Maybe he’s dying. That would be so romantic.
Too bad. If he were, she could just throw him
in bed and ride him right up until he flatlines.
Come on.
If he were dying, would you sleep with him?
Assuming he were dying of something that couldn’t be sexually
transmitted. You know, like a spear wound to the head.
How do you know? Are you a doctor?
With a dead man.
Guess it’ll just be Sheldon and me going on a
double date with Howard and Bernadette.
Me, too. Out of deference to them, let’s not flaunt
our happy relationship.
Ooh!
If you and Leonard get back together, Sheldon and I
will finally have someone to go on double dates with.
Fine, we can double with you, too. So insecure.
Penny?
Penny?
Hang on, Dr. C. What’s vexillology?
Cool. I think I just learned something.
I’ll say.
Sweet!
I’m surrendering to fun.
You okay?
Hang on, Dr. Cooper. What’s vexillology?
It’s Ferdinand T. Flag. I thought he might help bring
in some younger viewers.
For someone who has a machine that can travel anywhere
in time and space, Doctor Who sure does have a
thing for modern-day London.
What’s baffling me is what you could’ve possibly put on
the list. Hair too golden? Laugh too musical? World too
much a better place for her mere presence in it?
Her heart’s full of love, no one cares what’s in
her mouth.
Und ich bin eine pretzel!
Mit…
I saved you a dumpling.
I’m sorry, Sheldon, I’m busy. I’m right in the middle
of my addiction study. I’ve got a lab full of
alcoholic monkeys, and tomorrow’s the day we switch them to
O’Doul’s.
This is really happening. I’m gonna be a maid of
honour. I’m gonna wear a beautiful dress and walk down
that aisle and, finally, I will have my special day.
They’re gonna need an extra-large veil for somebody’s head.
Parental pressure can be daunting. I remember the battle with
my mother about shaving my legs. Last year, I finally
gave in and let her do it.
You know, the connection between marriage and money is nothing
new. In fact, the term wed referred to the money
and livestock that the groom paid the bride’s father. For
example, you’re adorable, intelligent and a good earner. I could
conservatively see you going for at least two oxen and
a goose. You would fetch a unicorn.
I’m excited to work with my boyfriend. It’s gonna be
romantic.
Come on, Sheldon. We can be like Marie Curie and
her husband, Pierre, who spent their days working side by
side, bathed in the glow of their love and the
radium that ultimately killed her. Screw Beauty and the Beast,
that’s the love story Disney should tell.
Oh, I’m gonna be doing some brain stem histology while
you put yourself on the business end of a sponge
and wash those beakers.
No, I just need those beakers washed. Hippity-hop, quick like
a bunny.
Sheldon, you’ve never worked in a lab like this before.
You have no experience in the field of biology.
Soap spots. Wash ’em again.
Sheldon, this beaker used to contain cerebral spinal fluid from
an elephant that died of syphilis. If it’s, in fact,
perfectly clean, drink from it.
All right, perhaps this task will be a little bit
more up your alley. I need you to count the
bacteria spores on these petri dishes.
I’m sure it was.
Yeah, good for you. Now, start counting.
How’s it going?
Great.
Really? Is that what you think?
Hey, I’ve been training in the field of neurobiology for
12 years. You’ve been here for three hours, and you’ve
spent one of them in the bathroom.
Sheldon, I’ve given you the simplest things to do, and
you haven’t done one of them right.
Maybe the math was too bubbly for him.
Okay, smart guy. I’m about to remove the locus coeruleus,
which is incredibly delicate work. Have at it.
You’re getting warmer, it is, indeed, in the brain. Hope
your hands are steady. It’s the width of a single
hair. But this is just biology, so I’m sure it’s
no problem for a genius like you.
Oh, are we nervous, Dr. Cooper?
No. But your thumb does.
Yeah, you’re a biologist.
What do you want?
Do you honestly think you can just waltz back in
here after the way you behaved yesterday?
That’s not an apology.
I want a real apology.
No.
No.
Sheldon.
You’re forgiven. Now, if you want to stay, get started
on those beakers. They’re still dirty from yesterday.
I got you a little something.
What’s huge is what you’ve done for me.
No, no, before I met you, I was a mousy
wallflower. But look at me now. I’m like some kind
of downtown hipster party girl. With a posse, a boyfriend
and a new lace bra that hooks in the front,
of all things. Open it. Open it.
I wanted to get you something you didn’t have.
Do you like it?
So, uh, where are you gonna hang it?
No problem.
Oh, what a great movie.
My mother didn’t allow me to watch it. She was
afraid it might encourage me to join a gang.
I guess I should get going, too. Good night, painting
Penny. Good night, real Penny.
You don’t have to say good night to painting Amy,
because she’s never leaving.
You know, can I borrow that movie? Those singing hooligans
really got my motor running.
Thank you. Wait. Where’d the painting go?
Why?
You hate it.
I feel like an idiot.
Why? So you can just take it down when I
leave? I don’t need your pity.
I’m just glad I didn’t go for the sculpture.
Don’t bother.
I’m so humiliated. I sat there the whole time that
we were watching Grease, thinking you liked the painting.
I was a fool from Summer Lovin’ to the very
last rama lama lama ke ding a de dinga a
dong.
Yes, too much. Because our friendship is fundamentally asymmetrical. I
clearly like you more than you like me.
I bought you a painting that’s 12 square feet in
area. There’s a number.
If you don’t like feet, you can try dollars. The
painting set me back three grand.
I’m sorry, I’m just having trouble believing you right now.
No. Damage is done.
Oh, my goodness, how could I have not seen that?
The painting is a constant reminder that of the three
of us, she is the least cool.
You have such a good heart.
Come on.
We’re going to go put this painting back up in
your apartment.
Oh, screw her. She’s just lucky we let her hang
out with us.
Little higher on the right.
Little more. No. That’s got it.
I’ll let you in on a little secret.
Originally we were painted nude. But I had him add
clothes, because I thought it was an unnecessary challenge to
our heterosexuality.
But if you ever change your mind, all it would
take is some warm, soapy water and a couple of
sponges.
Sure.
I’m a cowboy, on a steel horse I ride. I’m
wanted… I’m wanted… wanted, dead or alive. Sheldon, you’re ruining
girlfriend-boyfriend sing-along night.
What about Supercuts?
Well, this isn’t a crisis. Why don’t you just let
your hair grow out a little?
Well, I don’t know. I think you might look sexy
with long hair. The kind that flows down to your
shoulders and blows back while riding on a horse, bareback
and bare-chested. I’m gonna go brush my teeth, it might
take a while.
He showed up in the middle of the night with
his bongos. I foolishly thought it was some sort of
musical booty call.
That was kind of uncalled for.
There’s not a hair on my body I wouldn’t let
this woman trim.
There’s only so many times a woman can say how
about the bed?
Gentlemen, as much as I’m sure Sheldon would enjoy playing
intergalactic make-believe, he and I have other plans. We are
attending my Aunt Flora’s 93 rd birthday party.
She’ll be disappointed if we don’t show up.
No, hang on. I followed all the protocols set forth
by you in the relationship agreement. I made a written
record request 72 hours in advance. I checked the tyre
pressure on the car. I even contacted the Centres For
Disease Control to find out what shots they recommend for
travel to Orange County. FYI, it’s none.
You use it to get your way.
You gave me your word. You’re coming with me.
Good morning.
I think you’re really going to enjoy yourself today. Not
only do you get to meet my relatives, but since
my aunt’s nursing home is catering the party, all of
the food is incredibly soft. It’s like a vacation for
your teeth.
You sure you’re okay with this?
Thank you. That means a lot to me.
Sheldon, my relatives are going to want to talk to
you, and you’re going to be sitting there playing a
game? Isn’t that a little rude?
You know, if playing that game is more important to
you than honouring your commitment to me, and you don’t
mind me showing up at a party all by myself
after I’ve already told everybody I’ll be bringing somebody, then,
fine. Go home and play your game.
My boyfriend’s a jerk.
I had to go to my aunt’s party all by
myself, and everybody was like, where’s this boyfriend you’re always
talking about? Is he real, or did you make him
up like Armin the miniature horse breeder?
The pretend boyfriend I invented to get my family off
my back. It unravelled quickly when I couldn’t answer the
question how’d you two meet?
Oh, that’s good.
I panicked and said Woodstock. I just wanted to show
Sheldon off to my family.
Not just my first boyfriend, he’s the best boyfriend. I
mean, think about it. I’m dating Sheldon Cooper.
He’s handsome, he’s lanky, he’s brilliant, and his skin has
that pale, waxy quality.
Yeah.
Do you ever worry about Leonard doing that to you?
I don’t think I want to play a game.
Like that?
Spent a lot of my childhood throwing coins into wishing
wells hoping for friends. At a certain point, you start
doing trick shots just to keep things interesting.
That’d be my boyfriend. Happier playing his dopey Star Trek
game with his friends than hanging out with me.
What?
What’s the difference?
How do I get him to treat me better?
No, he loves that.
Our record for sitting in a room together and not
speaking to each other is six-and-a half hours. He said
it was a magical evening.
I don’t think I’d be good at that.
Sheldon Cooper, I’ve got a bone to pick with you,
and I’m about to do it in front of all
your friends.
I’m gonna publicly shame you, and then sit back as
societal pressure compels you to modify your behaviour.
And if you don’t start treating me better, I’m leaving
you for a miniature horse breeder named Armin.
Armin… damn it.
You’re hurting me.
Before; now it’s you.
Ooh, Science Center. Redeeming. Let’s go.
What about the Science Center?
Rain check.
This is Maid of Honour Amy Farrah Fowler, bringing you
the wedding activities just weeks out from the big day.
Let’s check in with a beautiful, radiant young woman, and
her friend who’s about to get married. Ladies, can you
tell us what you’re doing?
All right, pivoting to the big question. Bernadette, on your
wedding night you’ll be consummating your marriage. What do you
think your first sexual position will be as husband and
wife?
Keeping in mind that whoever’s on top may set the
tone for the marriage.
Hey, they may conceive a child on their wedding night.
Don’t you think the kid might get a kick out
of knowing how it happened?
No, it’s not. I’ll explain it to you later.
I’m curious what’s bothering you most, the borderline incest, the
prostitute or group sex with the girl dressed as the
children’s cartoon?
Right. And that was…
I don’t think that was helpful.
Perhaps you should give him a taste of his own
medicine. Do you have a cousin who you find attractive?
Hey, you introduced him to the sleazebag. I’m just trying
to clean up your mess.
Oh, thank God. I’m still a maid of honour.
This is kind of hot.
Seven o’clock, right on time.
Well, dinner’s almost ready.
Tempting choices, but I have something special planned for tonight.
With our friends moving forward in their relationships, I’ve decided
that we should make progress in ours as well.
I had a feeling you’d be reluctant, which is why
I’m going to dip into my neurobiological bag of tricks.
I have devised an experiment that I believe will increase
your feelings for me in an accelerated time frame.
Human beings form emotional attachments as they grow up. In
your case, to your mother, superheroes, et cetera. I’m going
to attempt an experiment that will get you to transfer
those feelings to me.
We’ll see. Let’s start with a little romantic dinner music,
shall we?
Yes.
Fine. There’s no reason we still can’t have a lovely
dinner. Why don’t you have a seat.
May I offer you something to drink?
Not even strawberry Quik?
Oh, I know. I think it will go nicely with
what I have prepared for dinner.
Just like your mommy used to make.
Hello, Leonard.
We’re playing doctor. Star Trek style.
I love his eidetic memory, it’s so sexy. Sheldon, what
are the ingredients in Pringles?
The uterus quivers, does it not?
No, no, no, this is not the wedding I wanted!
I want to wear my maid of honour dress and
walk down the aisle with a hundred eyes on me,
while a string quartet plays The Way You Look Tonight.
Well, it was going to be mine.
Can I wear my maid of honour dress?
It’s all I have left. You’re going to take that
from me, too?
I know.
Look at all these people in love. It kind of
gets you thinking, doesn’t it?
All right, that’s enough. Today is not about you two.
Today is about Howard and Bernadette and me.
Excuse me, I’m going to go see if the couple
at the front of the line needs a maid of
honour.
Oh, my gosh. I can’t believe my maid of honour
dress is going to be on Google Earth.
Who is it?
Can’t come in. Bad luck to see the bride.
All right, that’s enough from the both of you.
Well, I’m ending it. Bernadette, I want to thank you
for allowing me to be your maid of honour. I
also want you to know, that I will be happy
to do it again if this marriage craps out.
By the power vested in us, by the state of
California…
We now pronounce you husband and wife.
