My pleasure. And I'm not angry at all that my
boyfriend was in trouble and called you instead of me.
I love that,
Are you okay?
What do you mean, why did I come? You're my
boyfriend. I haven't seen you in over a month. I
just drove six hours to help you out. Don't you
have anything to say besides why did you come?
Fine. Whisper it.
Have you not noticed that I've been sitting back here
quietly stewing for the past two hours?
I'm mad at you. How could you just go away
like that without even saying good-bye, and then call Leonard
for help instead of me?
We're in a moving car. What do you expect me
to do? Stick my fingers in my ears?
Can I stop now?
You were worried about that?
Sheldon, it's okay with me that you're not perfect.
Sure.
But you still accomplished something.
But you did do it. So what if it didn't
all go your way? That's what makes it an adventure.
See? This trip was good for you.
I wonder if Stalin considered any other animals.
Yes.
Just give me a minute. I'm stimulating the pleasure cells
of this starfish. I just need to turn it off.
Then I have to sit through lunch knowing this starfish
is having a better day than I am. Is Bernadette
meeting us at the restaurant?
How come?
Well, I think she just wants you to do well,
and she's worried that you won't because you were just
a stunningly poor waitress.
I'm still waiting on my mini corndogs from two years
ago.
Okay, so no Bernadette.
No, I just, I feel kind of uncomfortable talking about
her like this. Usually when someone's being talked about behind
their back, it's me and it's right in front of
my face.
I understand. You know, there is some research that indicates
that sharing negative attitudes about a third party can be
a powerful bonding force between two friends.
I'm saying, in the spirit of science, what is that
little skank's problem?
Measuring starfish serotonin levels in response to one point two
molar stimulation of pleasure cells. You like that, don't you?
That's right, say my name.
Hey, what's going on?
No Penny?
Because you got her the job and you think she
should be working harder to prepare for it?
I do, I see it.
That's outrageous.
If she doesn't do well, this could reflect poorly on
you.
I don't know. The important thing is I am here
for you so we can mutually disparage this unpleasing third
party.
So, after drinks with Bernadette, I get home, and Penny
calls to complain about her. And then while I'm talking
to Penny, I get a text from Bernadette.
Because it's taken 15 years, but high school is finally
awesome. I love them both, but I'm in the centre
now, and I love that even more.
But I'm just…
You better watch that attitude, buddy. You're dating the popular
girl now.
Hey, girlfriend. Can I get a what what?
Close enough. Um, I was just calling to see what
you were up tonight. Thought maybe we could hit up
Color Me Mine, maybe sneak in some Pinot Greej. Whatevs.
Oh. Oh, I hear you. Try and get that nag
off your back, right? I mean, you're not a bicycle,
why's she riding you like that?
Okay, good luck. And call me later, you know, if
you decide she's a bitch or something. Hey, girlfriend.
Tonight. You, me, Color Me Mine. Maybe we sneak in
some Pinot, make it Color Me Wine.
Oh. Well, good luck getting her to do that. She's
probably off getting another manicure. You remember when she did
that? You remember?
Oh. Great. I'm happy for you guys. You know, when
the two of you aren't getting along, it puts me
in a really weird position.
You mean, like, where she's nice to your face? Okay
got it. Bye. Hey, boyfriend.
Hey, girl.
No, and neither did our waiter.
It's hard to argue with that. And I know because
I saw a sad man with a pepper mill desperately
try and fail.
Sheldon, how about tomorrow night we see a movie?
It's better than hot, it's binding.
You are aware that a double date doesn't count as
two dates.
I then suggested a pub.
After a lively debate, that proposal passed by a two-zero
margin.
There they go, fighting again. You'd never hear her talk
that way to Sauvignon Blanc.
It's a good thing I'm not wearing flag underwear right
now, because there's about to be a fire.
So when do you guys plan on getting married?
Of course. Can I have a bite of your burger?
They developed the Relationship Closeness Inventory, which predicts the stability
of a couple based on behaviour.
Sheldon and I got an eight-point-two out of ten.
I'm gonna let you count this as two dates. They're
a lot of work.
No, we're sorry. We never should have been comparing relationships
in the first place.
It would make me so happy if you said things
like that.
Sheldon, what did you expect?
I'll tell you what. If we stay, I'll buy you
cotton candy and a bobblehead.
Does it matter?
So, Howard, is Stuart still living with your mom?
I'm with him three years, nothing. She's with him two
minutes, and he's taking his pants off.
We have led different lives.
You really went your entire life without anyone saying I
hate you to your face?
I'd say it now, but look at those cheekbones.
Hmm-hmm.
What if you just hang around and act like her
friend until you wear her down? I mean, next thing
you know, you're in her home, you're eating her food,
drinking her wine.
You're right. Cheers.
I'm gonna go with Penny on this one. Then again,
why wouldn't I? I mean, we go way back.
Shh. Amy's here now.
Of course.
I'm feeling a little backed into a corner, Sheldon.
Interesting. Can you see how a grown man, an accomplished
scientist, who invests in a store that sells picture books
about flying men in colourful underwear might be wasting both
his financial and intellectual resources?
Then I think it's a terrific idea.
Of course I do.
I'll check my underpants. I'm so excited, I think I
peed.
Ooh. There's a cover band in the lounge.
But they play Barry Manilow.
But they're called Fairly Manilow.
Great.
What if we don't want to vomit?
What?
What does that mean?
Can you start in the morning?
So, um, now that Penny's not coming…
Okay.
Maybe after this, you'll be in the mood for some
Manilow.
Look at us out, while Penny's in the room studying.
It is. But enough about Penny. Let's talk about us.
We're looking good.
Better than good. I mean, look at you. Your body's
bangin'.
Don't Amy me. We're always talking about how hot Penny
is. Come on, scientist to scientist, how big are those
Hadron Colliders?
Oh, don't be embarrassed. I'll show you the divot in
my spine.
No, no, it's okay. I was born with it. If
you put a double-A battery in there, it makes my
leg kick.
We had a complaint about somebody pooping on a party
in there.
Why'd you tell her? It was working.
We're having the best time.
Hey, Penny, hey, let's go. We found a place that
has Australian male strippers.
Can you believe this nerd?
Okay, okay, this is obviously very important to her. Let's
just, we'll help her study so she can get done
quicker. Here, here, I'm gonna quiz you. I'm gonna quiz
you. I got your notes. I got your notes. I
got your notes. If you want these, they're gonna be
at the strip club.
We had some pretty hot corpses in my anatomy class,
but none of them moved like that.
Okay.
You know when you bend over, I can see down
your shirt?
Most universities have them. When I was an undergrad, I
spent three days in one pledging a sorority.
No. They forgot I was there. But it really opened
up my pores.
Save you first; come back for Raj only if there's
time.
Sheldon, I'm really impressed you're willing to try this.
You guys doing okay down there?
You guys doing okay down there?
I'm going to the vending machine. Do you want anything?
Okay, just checking.
Anything else?
Sheldon, is everything okay?
11 minutes. That's longer than I thought.
Do you really need me to transcribe this?
I'm studying one-celled organisms to try and find the neurochemicals
that lead to the feeling of shame.
I think it's awful.
Bernadette is a successful microbiologist. She should be celebrated for
her achievements, not her looks. I mean, what kind of
message does that send?
I just don't think a professional woman should have to
flaunt her sexuality in order to get ahead.
Maybe it's different in the world of sales, but it's
already hard enough for women to be taken seriously in
science.
So, how was work today?
What happened?
Well, I'm really sorry, but I think it's for the
best. You want people focusing on your achievements, not staring
at your breasts in some magazine.
Sorry, it's just we're, we were talking about them. So,
look, I, I wasn't going to say anything, but since
you seem to be okay with the article being canceled,
I have a little confession. I'm the reason it was
pulled.
I sent the editors of the magazine a pretty scathing
e-mail.
I simply pointed out that they would never consider doing
an article ranking male scientists on their sexuality, let alone
showing them in various stages of undress.
Well, it doesn't make a difference, because they agreed it
was in bad taste, and now you agree, so Amy
saves the day.
But it was bad publicity.
I disagree. As a female scientist, I think what you
do affects all of us.
You have a nice night.
Nice flowers.
Isn't she lucky?
What's that?
I guess that's all anybody wants.
Well, I hope you get it.
I can't take these.
But what about the other girl?
We all have a past.
That has to wait. This weirdo locked the guys up
in his basement.
Dr. Lorvis, isn't there something you want to say?
Sure.
Hi.
What's with the clothes?
I meant why are they folded? But whatever. Ooh, what's
this?
Easy.
No, but I was on clean-up crew.
No, it was okay. The DJ let me dance one
slow song with my mop before he shut down. Whenever
I see a bucket of dirty water, I still hear
Lady in Red.
Okay, we get it, you had a friend and a
date. Stop bragging.
My date would've had to clean that up.
Oh, that would be so much fun. We could decorate
the roof and make the guys wear tuxedos.
You went to seven proms?
Sheldon, you look so handsome.
What's that?
Where are you going?
Sheldon, can I come in?
Why not?
You're making me worry. What's going on?
What pressure? All I said was you look handsome. Can
you please open the door?
Sheldon, this is silly. I'm not missing another prom. I'm
going upstairs now. Good-bye.
You did?
Well, you can relax. Just because you think I look
pretty doesn't mean we have to spend the night together.
I'm always hoping. But tonight I just wanted to have
a nice time with you. And maybe dance with someone
who has arms.
Of course I understand. Sheldon, there's something else I've been
wanting to say, but before I do, I just, I
want you to know that you don't have to say
it back. I know you're not ready, and I don't
want you to say it just because social convention dictates…
You said it.
Okay.
This is an easy one. You love this guy.
Come on, he's an under-appreciated genius.
It's not you. Now think, there's a car named after
him.
How about this, he's a poor man's Sheldon Cooper.
Hello.
Did they figure out what's wrong?
Sheldon, it's a routine procedure, I've heard you complain about
his snoring.
Okay.
Don't worry about that. I'm happy to take you to
work.
It's nice they're getting exercise.
I'm sure he brought it.
He probably got a new one. Finish your breakfast. Look,
there's an entire section of my dashboard that doesn't have
any syrup on it.
I'm odd all the time, everyone knows that. Just last
night I tried to see how many fava beans I
could fit in my mouth.
Twenty eight.
Fifty six.
All right. Don't get upset, but, an earlier appointment opened
up for Leonard and he's getting the surgery right now.
Just go to work, he'll be fine.
Fine. It's sweet that you care about him so much.
He wore me down. And I was distracted, he has
on extra baby powder today.
Come on, let's talk about something other than the surgery.
Stubbed his toe on the revolving door on the way
in.
Who told you to keep going around?
Penny has a good point. This is like the man
in the supermarket with the goiter on his neck. Whatever
you're thinking, just keep it to yourself.
And I'm sure he knew that before you held a
grapefruit up next to it.
Sheldon, you can't go back there.
Are you okay?
Don't be like that. You two need to talk this
out.
Sheldon will move out eventually.
I know I was thinking that. Is this a show
on flags or mind reading?
And he really does have one, you jerks on the
comment board.
After only 232 episodes.
You said you weren't gonna bring that up.
That was a good one.
And, yes, even shed a tear or two.
How many times do I have to say I'm sorry?
Australia, mate.
Say, Betsy Ross, what you working on?
Then who did sew it, hmm?
I do.
Wow, that flag is a lifesaver.
Action.
Take that, glass ceiling.
Cut. Sheldon, that was beautiful.
I pressed it.
Wait, She-Hulk's a lawyer?
If you're not up to hosting Christmas dinner, I'm happy
to do it. You can even bring your father.
I've always wanted to do a traditional Victorian Christmas. Parlour
games, goose and figgy pudding.
You're going.
I don't hate you. I love you.
What's going on?
Okay, let's get this Victorian party started. I've done some
research about some traditional parlour games we can play.
Well, there's a fun one called Ball of Wool. You
take a ball of wool, and you put it right
in the centre of the table. Then people sit on
opposite sides of the table and try to blow the
wool off.
You won.
Thank you. And it's figs.
Oh, you Heimliched a ball of wool out of me;
you're good.
You got me something?
Look at you on Santa's lap. That's so sweet.
No, I love it.
Actually, I did get you something.
Well, you got me something. Here.
They're your Meemaw's Christmas cookies. I called and got the
recipe.
Merry Christmas, Sheldon.
Okay. The next game is called Hot Boiled Beans.
One person is sent out of the room while the
others hide a small item. Then they invite the first
person back by saying hot boiled beans and bacon for
supper, hurry up before it gets cold.
Sheldon, we said that we would play games with you
tonight.
I will literally race you to the car.
Oh, my favourite, George Lucas can talk all the way
through Star Wars, I say one word and I'm banished
to the kitchen.
Sheldon?
I actually can't. My hips don't open wider than 22
degrees. I rode a very thin pony once. On the
first bump, just popped right off.
There's a craft and folk art museum on Wilshire.
I actually can't go ice-skating. I have unnaturally brittle ankles.
Ooh, the philharmonic is playing Beethoven downtown.
Because you always pick what we do and I just
go along with it.
What do you say? Sounds kind of perfect.
You guys comfy? This might take a while.
How's it going in there?
Sure.
Yeah, but it's okay.
I promised myself, if I ever got friends, I'd do
whatever they said. Really, I'm lucky you found me before
a cult did.
Really?
Basket weaving at the craft museum.
Are you crazy? You know he's a flight risk.
Sheldon, that really is an excellent basket.
Very nice.
33 seconds. Okay, that'll be our baseline.
It also gets its brain plucked out with tweezers.
All right, next, we're gonna introduce an anxiety-inducing stimulus, measure
your stress levels and see how it affects your problem-solving
rate.
Ready? Begin. Why'd you pop it?
Look, I know you don't like it, but that's the
point of the experiment. I need to irritate you to
find your optimal anxiety zone. And you said no to
tickling, polka music or watching me eat a banana.
My mother said that's how good girls do it.
Sheldon, you're a remarkable scientist. Just be patient, I'm sure
you'll find the breakthrough you've been looking for.
And if you only do solid research instead of making
a groundbreaking discovery, what does it matter?
Look, your anxiety levels are right in the zone.
Because you're happy they're elevated.
That would be so romantic for you and Leonard.
If I were going to Hawaii, I'd spend all my
time at the Keck Observatory. Did you know that the
telescopes there have better resolution than the Hubble?
No, hold on. All canines instinctively know how to swim.
Why wouldn't a werewolf have the same abilities?
You've been working so much lately, I'm glad you didn't
forget about date night.
Sheldon.
Maybe you want to put the notebook away and talk
to me.
Fine. How was your day?
Sheldon. Sheldon, I'm worried about you. You're not eating, you
haven't slept in days, and, to be honest, that cap
is starting to smell.
Sheldon, I want you to take that cap off.
I'm sorry, but you know we agreed not to bring
work to date night.
Sheldon, stop it, I'm not kidding. Take the cap off,
and put the notebook away.
You don't need to drive yourself crazy in order to
be productive.
That's not true.
Sheldon, this has to stop. You need to get some
sleep and take care of yourself.
Your thoughts and ideas come from you, not from your
anxiety.
It's one thing to make yourself miserable, but you're making
everyone around you miserable, too. Now, I'm telling you for
the last time, take the cap off.
Whatever happened to that ape movie you were in?
They have it.
Please?
Have you even seen it?
Careful. She'll bite your fingers off.
What is it?
What?
I haven't learned my lesson. Play it. Play it.
Play it again. Play it again.
Why? What did I do?
No, please don't.
But it's personal.
No.
It's not about me and Sheldon. It's about a young
woman in the 1800 s named Amelia, and the time-traveling
physicist named Cooper she falls in love with.
No.
Good luck finding it.
You know, there was a time when I was alone
and had no friends. I'm starting to miss that.
He's like that in the beginning, so she can change
him. It's called good writing. And wishful thinking.
In the 1800 s that was considered flirting.
Okay, that's enough.
You're just making fun of me.
Fine. As Cooper prepared to depart, tears filled Amelia's eyes.
He took her hand in his and said, “I can't
stay, but I will never forget you.” He brushed his
fingers against her cheek, then quickly stepped into the machine.
“Please don't go,” she whispered. But it was too late.
The engine hummed to life.
She turned away, wiping her eyes. She couldn't bear to
watch her one chance at true love disappear forever. Then
she felt a strong hand on her shoulder spin her
around. It was Cooper.
“What about the future?” asked Amelia. He looked deeply into
her eyes and whispered, “There is no future without you.”
He pulled her in close. She began to tremble all
over. She felt his warm breath…
Is the water warm enough?
I can fix that. I couldn't help but notice your
unusual undergarments.
And what's the significance of the spider?
There's a lot of rhyming in the future, isn't there?
So, tell me, Cooper, are the ways of physical love
different in the future?
Sure.
How many?
Is that really true?
What's this for?
Well, that's fascinating. I can't wait to read it.
Well, I'd been thinking about a cellular automata approach to
neuronal connectivity, and I thought it might have some interesting
applications to string theory, it's not a big deal.
I did. You said the only math biologists know is
if you have three frogs and one hops away, that
leaves two frogs.
Sheldon, we're all scientists. I helped out a fellow colleague.
You're being petty.
Boy, I just can't seem to get these scissors back
together. Can you do it?
Darn it. There's something in my eye, and I need
to sort these coins by size. Can you help?
Penny? I really want to eat this banana, but it's
stuck inside this bamboo puzzle box.
Sheldon, it's me.
What are you talking about?
Sheldon, open the door.
I just saw you.
Oh, hey.
It's not a big deal. I run tests like this
on undergrads all the time. If you fill out some
paperwork at the university, I can get you five dollars.
So what are we talking, like, ten bucks?
Wow, the store looks great.
That's not true.
Well, except Barnabas, but he was on Adderall.
How can I make this up to you?
One of us would have taken you in.
She did that to me, too.
I just read about an experiment designed to see if
you could make two people fall in love in a
matter of hours.
And then they finish it off by staring into each
other's eyes for four minutes.
Other than the fact that I had it, that was
a magical night.
No.
Forget it.
That's what I said. Before I knew it, he pontificated
his way right into my heart.
Why?
I think we're safe.
The two of us could do it.
What's the first question?
Oh, then I choose a janitor, because I'm about to
throw up.
Sounds good.
Did he say anything about the funeral?
Well, we're the ones tagging along, you pick.
Oh.
So, how do we start?
Keep it down, we're working here.
We used the coordinates to locate the cities.
Well, if I don't have a brother, my father's son
is me. And if I'm this man's father, then he's
my son. The answer's son.
So, that's the key to the door? That's it?
Well, to be fair, we do all have advanced degrees.
SURPRISE!
We have some exciting news.
After a careful evaluation of our relationship, we decided that
the time was right to take a step forward.
Let's say it together.
We're getting a turtle.
Yes.
Thank you. Acquiring a joint pet is a big step
for us.
For Halloween, we can dress him as a cobblestone.
That's what I said.
It's okay. You made it. We're fine.
Let's forget about them, and pick ourselves out a nice
turtle. Oh, how about this one up on the log?
Well, he's barely moving. He looks half dead.
But that's not your fault. Like you, we're taking it
ridiculously slow. You'll stay with me when he's at Comic-Con
or away for work.
What are you talking about?
You applied for a mission to be a colonist on
another planet, and couldn't be bothered to tell me?
Of course not.
No one told you to poke the turtle's face.
I'm surprised you even care if he likes you, since
you're planning on leaving the planet the first chance you
get.
Sheldon, I know the odds of you even going to
Mars are incredibly small, but it still hurts that you
would volunteer for something that would take you away from
me forever.
I would at least mention it before filling out the
application.
And who says you could even survive an interplanetary mission,
anyway? You could barely survive a tiny turtle bite.
You know what? Go to Mars, Sheldon.
No. Forget it.
Please don't.
Why do you even want to do this?
Can't you just tell me?
I think I'm gonna go home.
You know, Sheldon, at any other time, learning that you
had plans to go live on Mars would be a
slow news day. But a couple of hours ago, we
were getting a turtle. And silly as it sounds, I
thought that meant something.
Sure. Unless something better comes along.
What I want is for us to be planning our
future together.
We're on the same planet.
Are you asking me to go to Mars with you?
Okay. I suppose being the first people on a new
planet would be incredibly exciting.
You know, we could also be the first people to
procreate on Mars.
Think about it. If we had a family there, our
kids would be Martians.
I guess we'll have to make a new video together,
as a couple.
I'd say I'm sorry I asked, except I didn't.
Oh, let me see.
Sheldon, this article doesn't mention Leonard at all.
It only refers to Dr. Cooper and his team. Did
you even talk about him?
Poor Leonard.
He might not be.
Think about it. How would you feel if you were
referred to as part of Leonard's team?
So you see what I'm getting at?
No.
Try again.
Leonard is as much a part of this paper as
you are, and he was overlooked. He's going to feel
bad.
Remember that time you didn't get picked to pull the
sword out of the stone at Disneyland and they let
that other kid do it?
Exactly.
Well, that is an important part.
But Leonard's idea was good.
It's not your fault.
Not your fault.
Hey, look at that pretty bird.
Hi
Do you need any help in the kitchen?
Yes, so please behave yourselves.
All these bright people sitting around a table by candlelight.
Feels like we could be an 18 th century French
salon.
Sheldon, The View is a daytime talk show hosted by
women.
Ooh, please do, Rajesh.
We won't know if there's equality until female Thor has
a baby and the Avengers are cool with her pumping
breast milk at work.
Sheldon.
And girls.
I don't hear it.
Who cares? Did they mention Leonard?
Yay.
Yay.
Are you all set for your trip?
Yes, who do you think gave him the danger whistle?
Can I be in charge of pricing? I've been going
to garage sales my whole life. Can you believe I
got these pantyhose for a nickel?
I had a table, too, but I didn't have any
friends, so all I did was serve.
And if I had a friend, they might have told
me that.
Have you made a decision about the TARDIS? I think
I can sell it if we call it Big British
Porta-Potty.
Ooh, you just chose champions. It's like we're re-enacting the
ancient German practice of trial by combat.
If you still have that bra, I'll give you a
nickel for it.
Rajesh eight, Penny four.
Eight-five.
Uh, it, it's been a long time. I don't know.
I'm probably pretty rusty.
That's not nice.
Well, that was an exciting 40 seconds.
Keep talking.
Really should have thought this through.
Can you please pass the salt?
Is this how the rest of the night's going to
be?
No, Sheldon.
According to the codicil of the Relationship Agreement which you
insisted upon, we're not allowed to pout or be moody
on date night.
Well, it applies to you, too.
Probably not. It's an evolutionary advantage to be included in
group activities.
Being left out is a terrible feeling. No one understands
that better than I do.
When there was a lice epidemic at my school, everybody
got it except me. I tried to fool everyone by
sprinkling sugar in my hair, but I just got attacked
by bees.
And at the same time, not.
You know, there's nothing I can do about getting you
invited to the symposium, but if you wanted, we could
build a fort.
More juvenile than this?
How's it going, Sheldon?
Can I come in?
Amazing.
What are we doing? This is a fort. Let's sit
on the floor.
I'd say, Knox over Ticonderoga, because it's got the gold.
And McBlanket over Sumter because it has a higher thread
count. Oh. Ten o'clock. Date night's over.
We both know this one's gonna win.
Come on, I'll help you take this down.
Well, as long as we're suspending the parameters, I could
stay really late and we could have our first sleepover.
It's a big fort.
PG. Some scenes may be too intense for younger viewers.
You got yourself a sleepover.
Would it alarm you to know that I hid those
things here two years ago just in case this ever
came up?
Who says this is the only one I hid?
Yes, they are.
Okay, have a seat on the floor.
I can't believe you got up and walked out of
an audition for a big movie.
And you probably have to invite your other friend because
she overheard you talking about it, and it would be
awkward to exclude her.
Leonard, have you ever given a high school commencement speech
before?
I think it's really nice that you're sharing this experience
with Penny.
With a beautiful girl on your arm.
It's so nice both of your moms are coming in
to see you guys get an award.
Sure, his mom gets roses. When I want them, they're
a bouquet of severed plant genitals.
He's right. Roses die, but a moist rotting log will
pump out mushrooms for two or three magical years.
Do you think the moms will get along?
Can you believe it's been five years since our first
date?
That's what you're thinking about?
Are any of them me?
What are you doing?
I didn't kill anything. You did, talking about your stupid
TV show.
Really? That's the commitment issue you're wrestling with? Sheldon, do
you understand the irony of your fixation on a man
with super speed, while after five years all I can
get out of you is a distracted make-out session on
a couch?
Oh, sure, I'd love to.
Hello.
I've been thinking about them, too, Sheldon. Being your girlfriend
is so challenging. Emotionally, physically. I've been incredibly patient for
years.
Okay, well, this isn't easy to say, because I love
you, but I need some time to take a step
back and re-evaluate our situation.
I hope you understand.
Bye, Sheldon.
