Oh, hey, Leonard, how was your date?
You should thank us. When future generations try to determine
why your relationship with Penny crashed and burned, this right
here is the black box.
No, it's like “this fish tastes bad, so I'm going
to slow down and spit it out.”
Oh really, did you make a second date.
Think back, Leonard, the littlest things can set women off.
Like, hey, the waitress is hot, I bet we could
get her to come home with us. Or, how much
does your mom weigh, I want to know what I'm
getting into.
Good, ‘cos they don't work.
Let's go to the tape. Look at her reaction to
the goodnight kiss, no change in respiration, pupils un-dilated, no
flushing of the chest.
Give him time.
Hey, qu'est q'wass up?
And some of those skinless chicks were hot.
That's kind of an overreaction to a little harmless necrophilia.
Did you buy generic ketchup, forget to rinse the sink,
talk to him through the bathroom door?
Did you make fun of trains?
Bye.
Who is it?
Shouldn't you have put him in a brown paper bag
and set him on fire?
Maybe you'd be happier on a park bench?
Do you want to switch?
Get out of bed, we're switching.
Just get in the bed!
We're just talking ma.
For God's sake, ma, I'm 27 years old. It's not
even a school night! Comfy now?
So don't look at it.
No kidding?
What about Lee Meriwether?
Well I'm glad that's settled.
Please, I'm begging you, go to sleep.
Oh for God's sake.
Koothrappali dumped him on me, and he couldn't get to
sleep, so I gave him a glass of warm milk
with a handful of my mom's valium in it. But
he still wouldn't shut up, so, tag, you're it.
Renaissance fairs aren't about historical accuracy. They're about taking chubby
girls who work at Kinko's and lacing them up in
corsets so tight their bosom jumps out and says howdy.
I don't care what the bosoms say, Sheldon, I just
want to be part of the conversation.
Hello.
Thanks, my mom made it. Penny with a new guy,
tres awkward.
Are you saying that you've been holding back?
So, how do you explain the ten years before Penny?
You're only saying that because of what happened to you.
It wasn't your fault, Raj, he was dressed as a
green Orion slave girl.
Like who?
I'd hit that.
Yeah, so, be a tool. Go get yourself a little
rebound stress release.
You mean like you and Richard the slave girl?
Come on, Sheldon, there's so few places I can wear
my jester costume.
Hmm, let's do it.
Yeah.
Let her rip.
That's what makes it get all funky.
No, that's what she said, Sheldon.
What the frak?
Like if Hulk were dating Peppermint Patty.
Hey.
Me too. But probably in a different way.
I do that too. But probably in a different way.
Mmmm, testify.
I'll take the bullet.
Yes, you are.
Creepy good or creepy bad?
That would be me. Come to Poppa, you un-kosher delight.
I'm not necessarily talking to the food.
Don't! Don't! Don't!
O-o-o-oh!
Why? Don't!
So what's your news?
Well, wow, that's incredible.
Oh, I'd so do her.
Do I get an honourable mention for designing the telescope
camera mounting bracket you used.
Poverty? Your father's a gynaecologist, he drives a Bentley.
Oh, good, we can take it off the milk cartons.
You were a colossal ass-hat.
He can feel sadness?
Well then fake it. Look at me, I could be
grinding on the fact that without my stabilizing telescope mount
he never would have found that stupid little clump of
cosmic schmutz, but I'm bigger than that.
Oh crap, that's terrifying.
Try less teeth.
We just wanted to invite you out to dinner tonight.
Dr Gablehauser.
Wait a minute, I called dibs on Fishbine's office the
day he started showing up at work in his bathrobe.
Told you.
I have a master's degree.
They gave him an assistant? If I want a new
pen I have to go to the bank with wire
cutters.
Oh, gee, thanks.
Gee, I'd love to Raj, but I can't make it.
That would be cool. I'd go to that reception.
Hey, good news, you don't have to sulk about Penny
any more, look, there are hundreds of Croatian women just
waiting for you to contact them.
I'll lend you my user name, it's wealthybigpenis.
Well, you gotta make it easy for them, they're just
learning English.
So you're just going to sit around here and mope
while Penny is out with Doctor Apu from the Kwik-e-Mart?
It can't be racist, he's a beloved character on the
Simpsons.
Oh goody, more tales from the panhandle.
Lucky?
Okay, dead cat named Lucky, continue.
So, not a puppy?
Sheldon, not that we don't all enjoy a good lion
semen story, what's your point.
Sheldon, don't take this the wrong way, but, you're insane.
And he should have a lot of money, and live
in a cool place down by the beach where we
could throw parties.
And he should know a lot of women.
No, just for the fun of it, I'm gonna take
his side.
Oh damn, I picked the wrong side.
Good morning.
And it's because we care about you that we've decided
we have to speak up.
This madness has to stop.
Ooh, I want to go to the comic book store.
Yeah, but Albert Einstein didn't make me wet myself at
40 miles an hour.
The application in your hand, give it to her.
Sheldon, why are you arguing with the DMV?
Okay, that's it, let's boot it up.
This is a state-of-the-art simulator. I adapted it from something
a friend of mine designed for the army.
I haven't configured it yet. Let's see… Bradley tank… transport
truck… Batmobile…
Here we go, red 2006 Ford Taurus on the streets
of Pasadena.
What?
Fine, what colour do you want?
Black it is.
Oh.
Oh God!
Really? Why?
Plus there's a whole new crop of female grad students
about to put on just enough winter weight to make
them needy and vulnerable. That's right, honey, have another calzone,
Daddy can wait.
Howard Wolowitz, department of engineering, co-designer of the International Space
Station's Liquid Waste Disposal System.
Woof.
You know, the Pishkin-Wolowitz Liquid Waste Disposal System is turning
a few heads as well.
I do. I love me a cup of joe.
Sheldon, do you have any idea what just happened?
To watch, right?
Not Sheldon. Over the years, we've formulated many theories about
how he might reproduce. I'm an advocate of mytosis.
I believe one day Sheldon will eat an enormous amount
of Thai food and split into two Sheldons.
My mom's making a brisket tonight.
Her loss. Let's go.
Sheldon, you've already had four servings.
Got it.
Yup.
Got it.
I have Chorrr.
Nekhmakh.
And Kreplach.
Yeah.
Well, as it turns out, it's also a Klingon word.
Kreplach, A hearty Klingon… dumpling.
Did you pay your cable bill?
What do you mean, aw? Like she didn't know we
were nerds?
Look at those women.
Oh, look, the's the future Mrs. Wolowitz. No, wait, that's
the future Mrs. Wolowitz. With her head in the lap
of, what a coincidence. It's the future Mrs. Wolowitz.
Why is that Mrs. Wolowitz crying?
House? What house?
A house, where?
Wait a minute, you're telling me that I'm within driving
distance of a house filled with aspiring supermodels?
And they live together and shower together and have naked
pillow fights?
Sadly, Mrs. Giselle Wolowitz is sensitive to chlorine. Lucky for
her I like my fashion models pruny and bug-eyed.
Isn't it obvious? Every week, they kick out a beautiful
girl, making her feel unwanted and without self-esteem, a.k.a. the
future Mrs. Howard Wolowitz.
Giselle's hanging by a thread.
Then you're not invited to our wedding.
Yes.
Just put it back before he comes!
Okay, here he comes, deny, deny, people, wall of silence.
Penny! Penny did it.
You can get them removed early, but you have to
take his class.
One of us, one of us.
So based on our triangulation we've narrowed down the location
of the top model house to three square miles in
the Hollywood Hills.
When we find it, you want to go with us?
That's what they said to Neil Armstrong about the moon.
Well, my fellow Americans, before this year is out we
will put a Wolowitz on one of America's top models.
I bet we could sell that sign all over Pasadena.
That's it. There's the house, I found America's top models!
Look, on the roof, Anais and Giselle are sunbathing. European-style.
Of course not, I got a buddy of mine at
NORAD to have a spy drone fly over.
It was already targeted to poke around a nuclear reactor
in Siberia, I took it an hour out of its
way, tops.
No need to neuter the nerd, I can get you
back online.
Voila!
What are you complaining about? I'm the one who has
to take the class again.
God bless you, Google Street View registered trademark.
You know what? If it's creepy to use the Internet,
military satellites, and robot aircraft to find a house full
of gorgeous young models so that I can drop in
on them unexpectedly, then fine, I'm creepy.
Yes, we here to fix the cable.
That's what I meant.
She's taller than all the women in my family combined.
Follow Mrs. Wolowitz.
Hello, boys.
Noticed the eye patch, did you? It's all part of
a technique I've been studying for picking up women. You
employ a visual display designed to make yourself distinctive and
memorable.
Mock me if you will, but it works. You show
up at a club in something distinctive, scope out your
target and toss out some negs.
A neg is a negative compliment that throws a pretty
woman off her game, like “Normally, I'm not turned on
by big teeth, but on you, they work.” I've got
a whole list of them. Who wants to be my
wingman?
Step one, she notices the eye patch. May I say,
Penny, not a lot of women could look as hot
as you do with such greasy hair?
Ow.
Oh, thank God, you're here.
I got the Mars Rover stuck in a ditch.
On a dusty highway just outside Bakersfield. Where do you
think? On Mars!
Yeah, baby, I'll be right in.
Yeah, I picked her up in the bar. She's a
doctor. One free barium enema and my mother won't care
she's not Jewish.
No, there were three other guys with eye patches, iIt
was a fiasco. What did work was, “How'd you like
to visit a secret government facility?”
I need you and Raj to help me get the
Rover out of the ditch, and I need you to
get Stephanie out before somebody notices she's here. She doesn't
exactly have clearance.
Yes, I was bad. Maybe she'll spank me. Can we
please move on?
Yeah. No. I'm sorry, but something's come up. Kind of
a Mars Rover, Mars Rover, can Howard come over, situation.
So my friend Leonard is gonna take you home.
I'll call ya.
My mother is so gonna love her.
Anything?
Hang on, there's got to be other options.
OK, I guess we have to turn to Plan B.
Erase all the hard drives, scrap the surveillance tapes, wipe
our fingerprints off every surface and run.
Thank God for Plan B.
No, you're mistaken.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, that does sound like me, but no.
Okay.
Hey, Steph, it's me again, Howard. Listen, if you're free
Friday, maybe we could have a little something to eat
at my place. My mom cooks a hell of a
brisket. Let me know. It's Howard.
Hey, it's me again. Just want to let you know
the head count for dinner Friday has gone up. My
Aunt Betty and Uncle Elliot are coming in from Palm
Springs. Oh, and if anybody should ask, you're half-Jewish on
your mother's side. Okay, call me. It's Howard.
Hey, it's me again. Howard. Listen, my cousins from Fort
Lauderdale are flying in to meet you so that means
we're gonna have to move the dinner to a restaurant.
We're not going to the Olive Garden, Mom!
I'll call you back when we firm up the details.
It's Howard.
Really? Is that what you do when someone knocks? Thank
you. I had no idea! Hey, buddy. What brings you
to my little slice of hell?
It's Leonard!
No one cares, Ma! So, what's up?
Momentito. Yello. Oh, Stephanie, thanks for calling me back. I
was worried… Oh… Uh-huh… Uh-huh… Uh-huh… No, I understand… Sure,
we can be friends. Absolutely. Thanks for calling. Yeah, you
have a nice day, too. You are dead to me.
Rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock.
How do we decide that?
Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock. Oh!
Sheldon.
Did someone just feel a cold breeze?
Oh, if it isn't Mrs. Dead to Me.
Sheldon?
Lisa?
Leonard, Stephanie, you're alive, it's a miracle!
So, anyway, Lisa, I just wanted to tell you again
how much I enjoyed the other night, and again, I'm
sorry for how it ended. But again, if you could
let me know about Friday. My mother needs a head
count so she can know how big a brisket to
get.
Anyway, call me. It's Howard.
Son of a bitch.
I've been waiting for someone to have the talk with
me.
Oh, I don't think you can.
Look at Leonard's record. 27 days with Joyce Kim.
Two booty calls with Leslie Winkle.
And a three hour dinner with Penny.
Based on the geometric progression, his relationship with Stephanie should
have ended after 20 minutes.
I'll tell you what you shouldn't do. Don't spritz him
with that body spray from the commercial where the women
undress when they smell it, that doesn't work at all,
no matter how much you put on.
Yes.
Oh, man, did you switch your status before she did?
Speaking as an expert, way to look needy.
Stephanie Barnett is in a relationship with Leonard Hofstadter.”
New pants?
Nice. Cotton?
So, the girlfriend's buying clothes for you, huh? Sounds serious.
Uh, Leonard, huge mistake. There's a whole buffet of women
out there and you're just standing in the corner eating
the same devilled egg over and over again.
A veritable smorgasbord of potential sexual partners. See the blonde
over there? I can hit on her and you can't.
She's not my type.
She was?
Hey. Nice sweater.
You know, if you can't talk to her, why don't
you just text her?
Oh, yeah. It's beyond contemptible.
Good for you.
What if he gets something Kryptonian on it?
I don't know. Kryptonian mustard.
Yeah, what about Kryptonian pit stains?
Okay, he's invited for dinner in the Bottle City of
Kandor. He miniaturizes himself, enters the city where he loses
his superpowers. Now, before dinner, his host says, “who's up
for a little Kryptonian tetherball?” Superman says “sure,” works up
a sweat, comes back to Earth, his uniform now stained
with indestructible Kryptonian perspiration.
Hey, isn't that the guy who won the MacArthur genius
grant last year? No, not all at once.
Leonard. Now, Raj. Now, Sheldon.
No.
Did, too.
Doesn't do anything for me. If I was gonna go
that way, I'm more of a Zac Ephron kinda guy.
That doesn't count. Do over! Do over!
There are always do-overs when my people play sports.
Where were you?
Ooh, “Dave.” Sounds like Leonard's got a new BFF.
So? We're in a rock band.
Yep. It's officially a bro-mance.
Gather round, kids, it's time for Sheldon's beloved Christmas special.
And that, Charlie Brown, is what boredom is all about.
Don't feel bad, Penny, it's a classic rookie mistake. My
first Hanukkah with Sheldon, he yelled at me for eight
nights.
I know. It's funny when it's not happening to us.
It's happening to us.
You're kidding. You've got lotions and bath oils and soaps,
that's the estrogen hat trick.
Come on, bath stuff, it's perfect! You got a scented
candle, a cleansing buff, spearmint and green tea scented bath
oil, promotes relaxation.
Excuse me, we're ready.
This one. Let's go.
I'm sorry. Uh, this one. Let's go!
See? Sounds just like you and Penny. We'll take it.
Why couldn't you have just done what Leonard did and
get Penny a new boyfriend?
All right, that's the last servo. Behold the Mobile Omnidirectional
Neutralization and Termination Eradicator. Or…
MONTE.
MONTE.
Featuring one articulated razor-sharp killing saw, one polycarbonate grinding and
flipping wheel, steel armour plate exoskeleton top and bottom, and
enough horsepower to drive a 110 pounds of mechanized death
from zero to holy crap in 4.8 seconds.
All right, enough chitchat, let's destroy something.
One, two, three, go.
Gentlemen, goggles.
Oh yeah, they still got the full Monte.
It's a big deal. There's an awards banquet and a
dance afterward. Perhaps you'd like to come with me. I
know the other fellas would be really excited to see
a girl there.
Well, that may be a slight exaggeration. You'd be the
only doable girl.
How is doable anything but a compliment?
Please, Leonard, not now. Once again, Penny and I have
begun our little tango.
The carnal repartee, the erotic to and fro. But as
delicious as the appetizer might be, at some point we
will have to succumb and eat the entree while it's
still… hot.
Um, so what are you saying?
Wait a minute. This isn't flirting, you're serious.
Thanks for the heads up.
I'm going home to live my creepy, pathetic life.
Here's a crazy idea, Ma, answer it!
I don't go to school, Ma. I work at a
university.
I don't want to talk to anybody.
I don't have homework. I'm a grown man with a
master's degree in engineering!
Cherry, please!
You make me want to kill myself.
Who?
I don't want to talk to her.
Ma!
I'm fine.
People move away from her on the bus. What do
you want?
Fine, you're sorry. Good-bye.
Hey, I'm a big boy. I'm not traumatized by some
random comment from some random woman. I mean, get over
yourself.
And then, when I was 14, I met Marcy Grossman.
She was so beautiful. She just got her braces off
but they left a little of the overbite. It was
so hot, like a sexy little chipmunk. I didn't have
the courage to ask her out, but I dedicated a
song to her at the ninth grade talent show.
Marcy Grossman is sunshine, on a cloudy day, when it's
cold outside, Marcy Grossman is the month of May…
I guess you'd say, what can make me feel this
way, Marcy Grossman, Marcy Grossman, Marcy Grossman, Talkin' 'bout Marcy…
Grossman.
And then she came up with that sexy little chipmunk
mouth and spit in my hair. Which brings us to
tenth grade.
Look at me. What chance do I have if I
don't try too hard?
I guess.
You really think so?
I don't know.
I got your text. How bad is… Oy.
Yes, I slipped and fell. In the bathroom. Bounced right
off the tub.
Yeah. They sucker punch you when your eyes are closed.
Oh, no. A little electrical tape, some solder. Are you
insane? I've seen space probes that crashed into the desert
that were in better shape than this.
Well, don't get the wrong idea. The way I see
it, I'm halfway to pity sex.
Hey, I'm thinking of growing a mustache.
I'm not sure yet. You know, George Clooney has one
now!
Oh, you'd think a guy like that would have some
kind of booze lackey.
Alright Sheldon, why is tapioca…
What a jerk.
Even twenty thousand of them.
C'mon, don't let him get to you. It's Kripke.
That's why he eats by himself, instead of sitting here
at the cool table.
Lysine.
Hear him out. If he's really on to something, we
can open a booth at Comic-Con, make a fortune.
Have you thought about putting him in a crate while
you're out of the apartment?
I can fix it.
Gee. Why can't Sheldon make friends?
Okay. 1, 2, 1, 2, 3 and…
Oh…
How much time you got?
Me, me. Let it be me.
Guilty as charged. I'm out.
Oh come on. What do I have to do?
Suddenly I'm looking pretty good, huh?
You gotta give him credit for sticking with it.
There are too many variables. It would take forever.
Wow. I don't see how we missed that.
Okay, I guess we only have one option.
See ya.
It's getting tougher and tougher to be a bad Jew.
He was just wondering if he wore skintight jeans and
a tank top if he'd get his shrimp lo mein
for free.
Yeah, Raj, what are you saying?
He has a nervous bladder when he's stressed out. Kind
of like a puppy.
Ugh. This mu-shu pork's burning a hole through my duodenum.
Hey, do I mock you with the Bhagavad-Gita every time
you scarf down a Whopper?
You want the Valley of Fire? It's right here.
What is it?
Ooh, double sixes.
Leonard, wait. Take a jacket, it's spritzing a little.
Yes. Koothrappali's going to wet himself, I'm gonna throw up,
Sheldon's gonna run away, and you're going to die. Shall
we synchronize our watches?
Well, there you go. Problem solved.
Come on, Leonard, let's go
Okay.
Maybe we should have your head notarized.
Penny, come on, we were just finding our sound.
Not a clue.
How about that, you were right.
So, Dr. Hofstadter, Leonard rarely talks about his incredibly successful
brother and sister.
I understand that unlike Leonard, they're at the top of
their respective fields.
So, she's close to curing diabetes?
Wow, you must be very proud.
You know the rules. You brought your mom to work,
you must suffer.
Oh, meesa think yousa lookin' so so sad.
Next time, don't yousa bring mama to work. Okee-day?
It's just temporary, I pay rent.
Say what? That's basically what I just said.
Just for the record, we're not in an ersatz homosexual
relationship.
Why is it always my responsibility?
I can't believe you're bringing that up.
We'll talk about this later.
That was close.
Yeah, still funny, Raj.
But what about the creek bed?
I told you my mom has spider veins, I had
to take her to the laser clinic.
No go. The Dumpsters are deep in Astronomy Department territory.
Why don't I run away and you cover me?
I had to take her! It's almost bathing suit weather!
I surrender! Don't shoot! They went that way!
Oh, Leslie, thank God.
Ah, they left me here to die. What about yours?
Sorry.
Well, we're surrounded, so I guess there's nothing for us
to do but wait to be captured or killed.
All the while knowing that there's a paint pellet out
there with your name on it.
It kind of does.
I agree. How exactly do we do that?
War is hell.
Hey.
That's great, Leslie. Thanks.
Oh, uh, no big deal. They gave Leslie control of
some unrestricted grant money.
Okay, I didn't want to say anything because I know
you and Leslie have a little history.
Great, because I've been dying to say something.
In the paintball shed! Twice!
Oh, yeah, sorry about that.
Court-martial, schmort-martial, Leslie Winkle is the fifth girl I've ever
had sex with. I mean, for free.
Okay, one way to look at this is that I'm
getting new equipment, and you're not, and that's unfair. But
a better way to look at this is that I'm
getting sex and you're not, and that's delightful.
Well, it's partly you, partly my transient idiopathic arrhythmia.
Can I assume that you likewise found the experience…
That wasn't quite the word I was looking for, but
sure, I'll do this pass-fail.
Oh, it's great. Everybody in the Engineering Department is eating
their hearts out.
You know, most people don't get that.
Oh, great.
I'm busy, Ma!
Don't come in, Ma!
Oh, there's the arrhythmia.
Are you Jewish?
Yes!
You know, there's kind of an obvious solution here. Get
up. There. Problem solved. Nobody cares where you're going to
sit. You're not crazy.
Ooh, looks like I'm gonna have sex tonight. Hey, baby…
I'll pick you up in ten minutes. Gentlemen, adieu.
What am I supposed to do, Leonard? There's a woman
out there anxious to have sex with me. You understand,
right?
Nevertheless, I must depart. By the way, did I tell
you? Leslie pulled some strings and got me on the
research trip to Geneva to check out the CERN Supercollider.
Okay, there are two ways of looking at this…
Bye.
Thank you. It helps when I get to practice with
a real woman.
Yeah, gee, I'd really rather not.
When I go to weddings, it's to scam on chunky
bridesmaids. I don't know what I would do with a
date.
Thanks.
What about it?
When did that happen?
Well, hold on. Are you saying if I don't go
to the wedding, I can't go to Geneva?
Okay, I'm sorry, but that makes me a little uncomfortable.
Because it's like you're controlling me with new equipment and
research trips.
How so?
So, bottom line, I'm just a bought-and-paid-for sex toy.
Hey, Ma, you got to rent me a tux!
What's the plan?
Okay, see you.
Okay, Raj, hand me the number six torque screwdriver.
For taking daffodils to your unicorn.
Yeah, cool. Seven times as long as flying, and costs
almost twice as much.
Come on, Raj.
It can't be. What would Summer Glau be doing riding
the train?
Sheldon, I owe you an apology. Taking the train was
a stroke of brilliance! I've actually got a shot at
a Terminator.
You're overlooking something. I have 11 hours with her in
a confined space. Unless she's willing to jump off a
moving train, tuck and roll down the side of a
hill, she will eventually succumb to the acquired taste that
is Howard Wolowitz.
Sheldon, let me explain to you how this works.
That's Summer Glau.
That's it.
Um, well, let's see, couple reasons. One, I saw her
first.
Fair enough. But then let me move on to number
two, unlike you, I can actually talk to women when
I'm sober.
Well, you know the old saying, pasty and frail never
fail.
Fine, go ahead. Take a shot.
I will, I'm just working on my opening line.
No, no, no, that always creeps girls out. I need
to come up with something that's funny, smart and delicately
suggests that my sexual endowment is disproportionate to my physical
stature.
It's hot in here. Must be Summer. So, where you
gals headed?
It's hot in here. It must be Summer. It's hot
in here. Must be Summer. It's hot in here. Must
be Summer.
Do you believe him? Normally around women, he has the
personality of a boiled potato. Put one beer in him,
and he's M. Night Charmalarmalon.
What?
What's going on?
Placebo, you say. Interesting.
Raj.
Look.
You tell me.
Hi, I'm the small package good things come in.
So anyway, in the dream, you and I were ice
skating, just the two of us. And then, I picked
you up by your ankles and twirled you round and
round until your legs tore off. I tried to stick
them back on, but before I could, you turned into
a giant loaf of pumpernickel bread. What do you think
that means?
I'll give you a little clue. My favourite sandwich? Salami
on pumpernickel.
And did you know the word “pumpernickel” comes from the
German words pumper and nickel, which loosely translates to fart
goblin?
Okay, here's another one. If you married the famous rock
guitarist Johnny Winter, you'd be Summer Winter.
Okay, I'm going to just go for broke here and
say I like you.
So here's my question, do you realistically see any conversational
path that would take me from where we are right
now to a place where I could ask you out
and you'd say yes?
Fair enough. I'll leave you in peace.
But before I go, would you mind if I just
take one picture of us together for my Facebook page?
Okay. Great. Now, can I take one where it looks
like we're making out?
Terminator broke my phone.
Oh, very nice. What's Leonard going to do? Does he
give up the pawn or does he give up the
position?
Too bad. You know the rules of Secret Agent Laser
Obstacle Chess. Uh, Leonard died again, Sheldon. You're up.
Ah.
Hey, you know what'd be a great idea? We get
some girls over here and play Laser Obstacle Strip Chess.
You underestimate me.
I think I bruised a testicle capturing that last pawn.
Hold on. What are you using as a bonding agent?
You're kidding. Any of the cyanoacrylates would do a better
job.
Good question, what are you marketing and distribution channels?
Why not eliminate the middle man? We could install a
small server farm with a static IP in her bedroom.
Uh, I've seen this before.
It's a common stripper problem. They dance, they sweat, they
clump.
Actually, I'm thinking about this one stripper named Vega. But
sure, calcium sulphate could work.
Oh!
Uh, pretty much any way I say that is going
to hurt his feelings.
Please. Dateline could use it to attract predators.
We add Bluetooth!
And I'll bet lesbians love Bluetooth.
They didn't quit. They were massacred by, like, a gazillion
angry Mexicans.
Oh, stop with the fake third world crap. Your father's
a gynaecologist, and you had a house full of servants.
Oh, God, we're never gonna finish in time. Who made
Sheldon the boss anyway?
Someone's in the kitchen I know-ow-ow-ow
1,000 friggin' Penny Blossoms.
That's your entire profit margin.
You can't be serious.
Penny, although you may find it hard to believe, we
do have lives.
Sorry, guys, but Secret Agent Laser Obstacle Lunch is just
stupid.
All right, Penny, let me take this opportunity to point
out that you are looking particularly ravishing today.
So, there is a number.
You're right, that's a great idea.
I'll take the apartment upstairs. I can finally get away
from my mother, and we can all spend some more
time together, if you catch my drift.
Enough with the guilt, ma, we'll still see each other.
I'll come over every night and have dinner with you.
Okay, I get it, you're angry. You don't want to
see your little bird leave the nest.
Fine, I'll stay! You happy, crazy lady? I sure as
hell hope so, because you're ruining my life!
Yeah, I thought about renting this apartment, but I'm really
more of a downtown loft kind of guy.
Oh, actually I'm, uh, living with a woman in Altadena.
Purely platonic, she's also my maid.
I won't lie, it's pretty dope.
Oh, pish-posh. I don't know, it means shucks. Shucks means
shucks. Let one go once in a while.
Yeah, what's the occasion?
No, no, PMS is different.
I'll run lines with you in the car.
Yum. Starving.
Oh, my God! Girl fight!
I know you. you're stupid enough to break it up.
May I say you look very comely tonight?
You're right, this filly's been broken.
According to Alicia's facebook page, she's hooking up with one
of the producers on CSI.
Here we go.
Come on, the whole idea behind Anything Can Happen Thursday
is to get out of this rut we've been in
lately.
If I may proffer a suggestion, in bars all across
this great nation of ours, Thursday night is Ladies' Night.
Which means, as the evening progresses, we will get better
looking courtesy of 99 cent margaritas and two-for-one Jell-O shots.
Really? Are you familiar with the Drake Equation?
Yeah, that one. You can modify it to calculate our
chances of having sex by changing the formula to use
the number of single women in Los Angeles, the number
of those who might find us attractive, and what I
call the Wolowitz Coefficient.
Neediness times dress size squared. Crunching the numbers, I come
up with a conservative 5,812 potential sex partners within a
40-mile radius.
I'm a horny engineer, Leonard. I never joke about math
or sex.
Alright, but next Anything Can Happen Thursday, we're definitely going
to a bar.
Tell me about it. Look, a new Batman belt buckle.
Let it go, Sheldon.
Yes, but I saw it from the front.
Oh, come on! I need this for my Batman collection.
Rock-Paper-Scissors-Lizard-Spock?
You let go.
It's my comic book!
I have got to learn how to draw. Hey!
Who's up for Sheldon-Free Saturday?
So what are you kids up to?
See you, Stuart.
Yes.
Really?
Okay! Let me just go inside and slip off my
underwear.
Well, if I get lucky, I don't want to be
caught in my Aquaman briefs.
No, he may not.
I'm not sitting here with a guy drinking a grasshopper
with a little umbrella.
Wrong again!
Look, there are plenty of bars in Los Angeles where
you can order grasshoppers and chocolate martinis, but you wouldn't
have to because there are no women in them.
All right, the Three Musketeers just became the Dynamic Duo.
It's way too early in the night for that. See,
first we let the lawyers and the jocks thin the
herd, and then we go after the weak and the
old and the lame.
That's my system. Oh, and if you spot a chick
with a Seeing Eye dog, she's mine.
Nah, they're eating peanuts, and my allergies, one kiss would
put me in Cedar-Sinai for a week.
Possible, very possible. Do you want the one in the
whiplash collar or the one who keeps blinking?
You got it, sir.
No, we have a little prep work to do. Put
this in your mouth. We walk past them, you stumble
a bit. I say, sorry, my friend's had a little
too much, and then I start to pull it out
of your mouth and say, a little too much fun.
Get it? I mean, they're laughing, we're laughing, and then
we get them up to about a .15 blood alcohol
level, and tell them we're millionaires.
Depends. Are you willing to sit on my lap and
pretend to be a ventriloquist dummy?
I can't sit on your lap, you don't know the
routine.
Wait, is this your card or isn't it? Trust me,
this was their card.
I do, all the time.
Wow, you're just going to make me come out and
say it, aren't you?
You're weighing me down. I'm a falcon who hunts better
solo.
Don't be ridiculous, you can't just tell a falcon when
to hunt.
Shut up. Let's just get Koothrappali and go. Lucky bastard.
It's got to be that stupid accent of his. Hello.
I am Sanjay Wolowitz from Bombay. Okay, I'm stumped.
Okay, are you from Star Wars universe?
Were you in the original trilogy?
Is there a picture of you in my wallet wearing
a metal bikini?
Leslie Winkle. You've reached friends with benefits. For a booty
call, press one now.
So, where were we?
No, it was something else. Why does everything have to
be about sex with you? Come on. Who's turn is
it?
Great, just start.
She dumped me!
I don't know. She just said Howard, momma's a rolling
stone. And then her call waiting beeped and she was
gone.
Of course I had feelings for her, I saw her
naked for God's sake!
I don't want to go anywhere.
It could be fun. I know my weekend's wide open,
now that…
Now? Right now?
I say Vegas baby!
Sea World, baby!
Black case, top compartment.
First row are your musks, second is wood, leathers and
botanicals, third is assorted pheromones, tread lightly.
You guys go ahead, I just have to finish up
an email.
Okay, fine, I'm checking her facebook page, look at her
status update, she's saying she dumped me, people need to
know I dumped her.
Grow up, Raj,there's no place for truth on the internet.
Just go, I'll catch up with you.
Alright, where are these amazing shrimp?
Seriously, you think this is the size of a baby's
arm?
I'm going back to the room.
Hi there, Howard Wolowitz.
Really, me too.
Yeah. Excuse me for a moment.
Cut the crap, you set this up, didn't you?
She's a hooker, isn't she.
You already gave her the money?
Thank you!
They're on me today, boys.
No, I'm celebrating. As we speak, the space shuttle is
docking at the International Space Station where it will deploy
the Wolowitz Zero-Gravity Waste Disposal System.
Is that supposed to be funny?
Okay, make your little jokes, but of the four of
us, I'm the only one making any real-world contribution to
science and technology.
Hey, wanna make sure he gets nowhere with Penny without
jeopardizing your friendship with either of them?
Just tell him to do everything you've done with her
for the last two years.
Guys, we have a code red.
Look, I was going over the schematics on my zero-G
toilet, and I made a teeny tiny mistake on the
specifications for the diverter valve.
It's gonna fail after about ten flushes.
Yeah, see, that's the code red. It's kind of like
a jack-in-the-box, no one knows exactly when, but at some
point something way worse than a puppet is gonna pop
out of that box.
No. Are you crazy? What am I gonna say? I
screwed up your toilet and pretty soon there's gonna be
crap floating all over your nice shiny space station?
I'm gonna figure out how to fix it, then I'll
tell them.
Hey, you said you were gonna be supportive.
All right, this is an exact duplicate of the Wolowitz
Zero-Gravity Human Waste Disposal System as deployed on the International
Space Station.
Yeah, ha, it's hilarious. Now, here's an approximation of the
spare parts available on the Space Station. We gotta find
a way, using nothing but this, to reinforce this so
the waste material avoids the spinning turbine.
Classified, Leonard.
You don't know what this is?
Good. Get out.
No good. I mean, it might work for the Japanese
and the Americans, but have you seen the size of
the Russians they got up there? This thing has to
hold up against a hearty potato-based diet.
Maybe if you were helping, you'd feel better about yourself.
Speaking of what goes around comes around…
Okay, here's an idea. What if I change my name
and go live with my cousin and her husband Avi
in Israel?
Hang on, I think I've got this. Help me see
if we can wedge this little piece of PVC behind
the support rod.
Sheldon, I know what I'm doing.
Because this is not a spare part from the space
station. This is the thing from the pizza box that
keeps the lid from touching the cheese.
Where are you going?
Hold on, you can go to the comic book store
when man can once again safely poop in space.
I got your back, sister. All right, I think we've
got a prototype ready to test. Hand me that Tupperware.
Damn right it's heavy, it's my mother's meat loaf, it's
been testing toilets for generations.
Okay, simulated zero-gravity human waste disposal test with meat loaf
analog in three, two, one.
Not enough bread crumbs.
Yes, sir, I understand classified. We'll keep it all classified,
no one has to know but you and me.
Well, they've deployed our solution. Let's just all hope it
works.
Meatloaf.
That's classified.
Just imagine. If he says yes, we'll have an entire
summer without Sheldon.
We could sit on the left side of the couch.
Yeah! Woo-hoo!
Godspeed.
To the North Pole?
Really?
We're not really gonna go to the North Pole with
him, are we?
We're not really gonna go to the North Pole with
him, are we?
Easy. Instead of saying, no, we don't want to go
on an NSF expedition, say, no, we don't want to
spend “three months stuck in a cabin in the Arctic
Circle with an anal nutbag.”
I could also be the engineer who builds the crossbow
that kills Sheldon.
So you guys are seriously considering this?
And you think you can put up with Sheldon?
Oh, damn it. Peer pressure. Fine.
For this I went to MIT.
Oh, boy, am I gonna get sued.
You heard the man. Hold him down and I'll cut
him open.
Okay, why?
Doctor and Mrs. Koothrappali, namaste. I understand your concern, but
if it'll make you feel any better, my mother is
fine with me going, and this is a woman who
kept a safety rail on my bed until I was
17.
Ma, I'm putting you on speakerphone with Raj's parents. Can
you tell them that you're okay with me going to
the Arctic?
I didn't say that. You never listen to me!
What?
Crossbow.
Yeah, wow.
Good idea, what do you think? Ice Station Zebra or
John Carpenter's The Thing?
