And now the kung pao chicken.
And finally, my moo shu pork.
Ah, there you have it, gentlemen. Our entire dinner unpacked
by robot.
Why?
That, dear lady, is the Wolowitz Programmable Hand, designed for
extravehicular repairs on the International Space Station.
Ask me to pass the soy sauce.
Mostly with Asian and Jewish astronauts.
Coming up.
Just wait.
Okay, here we go. Passing the soy sauce. Put out
your hand.
Hey, Sheldon?
No, not peace. Hang on.
You kidding? They still think it's in a secure locker
at JPL.
Borrowed. The trick is to carry it out to your
car like you own it.
Raj and I entered Sheldon's information on a dating site,
and it spit out Amy Farrah Fowler.
Or, as we call them, Shamy.
I'm guessing that future historians will condemn us for not
taking this opportunity to kill Sheldon.
Oh, God, that feels so good. Yeah, that's the spot.
Oh, baby.
I'll eat later. I'm busy! Oh, yeah. Just like a
real hand. Hmm.
Yes.
Yes. Now, help me!
Not funny, Leonard.
Please, before my mother walks in, just get this off
me!
No, no! Don't touch, the program is paused.
No, no! I loaded the wrong program. The hand thinks
it's holding a screwdriver in outer space. If you continue
the program, it's gonna start twisting.
What? No saws! One circumcision was enough.
Okay, I can't believe this needs to be said out
loud. No pulling, no saws, no torches.
I…
That's great, Mom, thanks!
Don't come up here!
Yes, but that's not the point! Get me out of
here.
Don't tug. No tugging.
I slipped and fell.
It's a robot arm.
I only built the arm.
Can you please just help me?
You think you could be a little more discreet?
But it's frozen.
No, you see, it's more complicated than that. No, wait!
Winnie the Pooh is out of the honey tree.
What do we owe you?
Here you go.
He said if he had woman parts, he'd eat for
free the rest of his life.
Really? You're changing the Sheldonian calendar?
You're right, Penny jogs. Maybe you guys can run together.
Oh, he watches you from his car with high-powered binoculars.
I know! And he says he's not gonna stop. Then
see a shrink and figure out how to talk to
women.
Thank you, sir.
He's just expressing his admiration that you don't even have
to put out to get free stuff.
Really? That's your question? When did he put a ramp
in?
Oh, look, it's Leonard and R2-D-Bag.
I say we just take him to Tatooine and sell
him to some Jawas.
Is that Steve Wozniak?
On the potty? What are you, five?
Toilet.
Oh, and potty is okay?
What do you do in the potty, wee-wee?
Nice to see you.
Ah, ah.
Okay. Toilet's sounding pretty good now, huh?
Um, tell us about your work, Amy.
Raj, do you have any questions for Amy?
Philadelphia.
Think about it, Raj. Where did the movie Rocky take
place?
Oh, he's an ass when he doesn't. You just don't
hear it.
You're not doing that right.
Gimme.
Trust me.
I do this for my mom all the time. See?
With the grain.
And someday, when you have varicose veins, I'll show you
how to massage them.
The highlight of the evening was when you showed us
your Bollywood break dancing skills.
Yeah, we all thought so.
What?
More like Yoko and Yoko.
Oooh!
No
Women, huh? Can't live with them, can't successfully refute their
hypotheses.
We're all a little worried about Sheldon.
Oh, I thought you were just making a generalization, you
know, I'm worried about Sheldon someday setting off a low-yield
nuclear device because the cafeteria ran out of lime Jell-O.
You should lend him your copy of Bombay Badonkadonks.
I thought we discussed the P-word.
Hey. Aren't you going to introduce us to your little
friend?
Hello.
Okay, I get it. We're worried about Sheldon.
I love watching Raj and Sheldon try to work together.
No, no, no. He won. Suck it up.
Oh, not since we broke up. Wow. How am I
going to play this? Sophisticated and relaxed? Friendly, noncommittal? Cold
and distant?
So, my dear, we meet again.
I've missed you, Katee Sackhoff.
Anything.
Why are you in bed with me? If we start
to question this, it all falls apart.
Okay, if you insist.
No, Ma!
Maybe it committed suicide! Leave me alone! Now, where were
we?
Bernadette? What are you doing here?
No, I'm not.
Okay, I'm a little confused here.
Not that kind of confused.
No, of course not.
Wait. Katee, why are you leaving?
Great, Ma!
And with that mental picture, I think we're done for
the evening.
I did a stupid thing.
It was the kind of thing that makes it kind
of hard to face her now.
No. Stop asking.
In a nutSheldonl.
Now, you see, I don't know if you're kidding or
not.
Okay, what if he buys his own desk?
Why?
Would you have opened the door if you knew it
was me?
I just have a question. Does Bernadette ever talk about
me?
She does?
She saw that, huh?
Let me ask you something else. Is she seeing anybody?
Oh, I'd rather not say.
But it's embarrassing.
Okay. Well, you know World of Warcraft?
Well, did you know that the characters in the game
can have sex with each other?
Her name was Glissinda the Troll. Bernadette walked in on
me while we were doing the cyber-nasty under the Bridge
of Souls.
Would you talk to her?
Bernadette. She was so mad at me, she wouldn't even
listen to my side of the story.
Well, for all we know, Glissinda the Troll wasn't even
a real woman. I mean, she could've been a 50-year-old
truck driver in New Jersey.
Will you talk to her, see if there's any chance
at all we could get back together?
No. Why would you? I'm just another lonely nerd, living
with his mother, trying to find any scrap of happiness
he can. You know, maybe to make up for the
fact that his dad left him when he was 11.
You know, I've always blamed myself for him leaving. I
always thought it was because I wasn't the son he
wanted.
I wasn't athletic, yeah, I was kind of sickly.
Thank you.
Oh, no, that's okay. How have you been?
Same. I took a scuba-diving course over the summer, but
it turns out I'm terrified of the ocean.
You wouldn't know anybody who wants to buy a wet
suit, boy's large? Yeah, forget it. Not important. So, are
you seeing anyone?
Not for me, thanks.
Maybe later.
So, are you seeing anybody?
Penny, can we have a little privacy?
Well, you know how it is with guys. I mean,
we have needs and…
Well, not real girls.
Isn't there somewhere else you can be?
Okay, fine. I'll admit, there are dark, sordid little corners
of the Internet where the name Wolowizard is whispered in
hushed tones. But the only reason I go there, the
only reason I've ever gone there is because I don't
have a real woman in my life. You happy?
Yeah, but we weren't, I-I mean, you and I never…
Yeah.
What do you mean, whose fault was that?
I didn't think you wanted me to make the move.
Really?
Son of a bitch.
Yeah, we had a really great talk, and we're gonna
start seeing each other again.
Did Penny tell you about that?
The greasy old fat guy in Facilities Management?
How'd he know about it?
Yeah. I think I'm gonna take her to miniature golf.
Short jokes? Really? You're, like, a quarter of an inch
taller than me.
I had a good time.
You said, well, the move, remember?
No, you don't. It's me. The lusty charmer with the
fancy patter and the hoochie pants.
Hey.
Excuse me. That's my girlfriend, Bernadette. I assigned her her
own ringtone, Bernadette by The Four Tops. Hello, Bernadette.
Why can't you get it?
Oh, hey. I hope you didn't hear that.
What's with the T-shirt? You working at the Apple store
now?
I know all your shirts. That's not one of them.
You were pretending to work at the Genius Bar to
pick up women, weren't you?
So, how'd it go?
Just FYI, don't try to go back with a fake
moustache. I mean, they may not really be geniuses, but
they see right through that.
You that desperate?
Yeah, I know what you mean.
Why the hell would you cross Ebola with the common
cold?
I think she likes you.
Come on, just give her a chance. Maybe she'll grow
on you.
Seriously? I was once robbed by a pre-op transsexual I
met on J-Date, and that didn't even crack my top
ten.
Not that I've ever seen.
Gagh!
This is the worst cobbler I've ever eaten. I mean
it tastes like it was made of actual ground-up shoemaker.
Hey, I've got a girlfriend now.
Let's just agree they're both hot.
Okay, forget who's hotter. The first time Priya came to
LA, Leonard and I made a pact out of respect
to our friendship, and to you, that neither of us
would hit on her.
Yes.
So, you got any special plans with your sister?
I have a girlfriend now.
Yeah, I just wanna put it out there in case
I inadvertently squirt any pheromones in your direction. Happy?
Didn't see it? What were you doing?
Really, you, and where, where did you go?
How could you? We had a pact!
Yeah, well, Raj, I just want to say that I'd
never betray your trust. Unlike Leonard, I respect you.
Mmm.
Hey, I didn't see you giving back your Snoopy snowcone
maker.
And as long as we're talking about betraying our friends,
how about the month Sheldon spent grinding up insects and
mixing them into Leonard's food.
Thankyou, and I'm sorry about your phone. And Thanksgiving. And
while we're at it, you don't have to wash our
clothes on the fourth of July.
Good news. I made it onto the team for the
new Defence Department laser-equipped surveillance satellite.
Thanks. Listen, I have to get a security clearance, so
you guys might be hearing from the FBI.
They're just doing a background check on me.
Hey, buddies. Guess who didn't get security clearance to work
on the giant space laser?
Apparently, the background interviews didn't go well. You guys wouldn't
know anything about that, would you?
I see. Well, it's good to know, when I need
you guys, I can always count on you to step
up and ruin everything.
You?
And they were okay with that?
Are you kidding me? You've set my career back at
least two years, and you think you can make it
right with I'm sorry?
Your apology is not accepted.
Leave me alone, Sheldon.
Not really.
Oh. Go away, Sheldon.
Oh. Sheldon, you can't fix this with gifts.
You're giving me a couch cushion?
But you love that spot.
All right. Apology accepted.
I got to tell you, Sheldon, I understand why you
chose this spot. I mean, the temperature is good, but
there's no draft. I can see the television, but I
can still talk to…
Maybe he took a class at the adult bookstore. That's
how I learned.
I don't care if Eat, Pray, Love changed your life,
I'm not reading it.
Penny, if you think this is good, you should come
with us Friday to see it on the big screen
at the Colonial.
Uh-huh. I'm guessing 21 seconds had something to do with
that, too.
You know, if we miss it, we'll have the fun
of listening to Sheldon whine about it for the rest
of our lives.
Actually, I'm not. I'm using sarcasm to mock you.
Who's there?
Olive you, too.
Knock-knock.
I have a girlfriend and you don't.
So. Are you sure you don't want to come with
us to Raiders?
Ooh. Can't wait for that to start.
Oh, shut up.
Too bad you don't have a stadium pal like me.
Let me put it this way, takes care of the
bathroom problem, and it keeps your calf warm.
I guess that's that. Let's go home.
I guess we'd better go after him.
Where did he go? We're looking for Sheldon, not Marmaduke.
Come on, Short Round.
Let's see you run with a bag of urine strapped
to your leg.
You want to talk brave, how about Captain America's undocumented
Mexican gardener?
How about the guy who gets a prostate exam from
Wolverine?
That's a stupid question.
Don't be oversensitive. He's calling you illiterate, not your race.
Actually, Indian Monopoly's just like regular, except the money's in
Rupees, instead of hotels you build call centers, and when
you pick a chance card, you might die of dysentery.
Just FYI, that was racist.
Is it possible that she was going for your cheek
and you moved and she accidentally got lip? That happens
with me and my mom all the time.
Maybe she was trying to send you a message.
Yeah. This man is not my father. I'm being held
hostage. So I'm going to do something insane in the
hopes that you'll call 911.
Ah, this takes me back. Leonard obsessing about Penny. I
mean, don't get me wrong, I love your new stuff,
but once in a while it's nice to hear the
hits.
C-7.
How could that be a miss? C-6 was a hit,
C-8 was a hit. Part of your starship has to
be on C-7.
What kind of spaceship has a hole in the middle?
Oh, great, you made it. Come on in. I invited
her.
It's in Hawaii, but Raj controls it from here. He's
hoping to see Epsilon Eridani dim, which would be evidence
of a planet orbiting it.
I did it with you when we rented The Notebook.
Yes, Gena Rowlands is a treasure. You'd better open up
that bottle of wine or I'm gonna end up with
swimmer's ear.
What? Galileo did his best work while drinking wine.
Well, he was Italian. It's a reasonable assumption.
Oh, I, I'm sorry, Galileo drank diet sprite. Look, you're
my best friend, she's my girlfriend, you should bond. You
know, like you and my mom did.
Yes, but she's stopped calling you slumdog millionaire.
Well I'd like to propose a toast. To science and
friendship.
What?
Three, four, five, pass go, get 2,000 Rupees, Six, seven,
whoops. Can't go any further. There's a sacred cow in
my way.
Okay, I think that's enough about me.
It might have been a mistake to open that second
bottle of wine.
We'd come visit you.
Hold on. He could come back.
Nope. He's gone.
What about that hook-up at Comic-Con you told me about?
No!
Hey.
Hey.
Whoa. Where did that come from?
Way to go shutting up.
Fine.
Uh-uh.
Yeah, I get it now.
Did you hear about the accident at the bio lab?
They were injecting rats with radioactive isotopes and one of
the techs got bit.
No, he got five stitches and a tetanus shot.
Why?
Yeah, but who'd want to become Rat-Man?
Mouse Boy?
First of all, if we had superpowers, I wouldn't be
the sidekick. You'd be the sidekick.
Leonard, settle this. Of the two of us, who's the
obvious sidekick?
There you are.
Let me ask you a question. What are you most
afraid of?
No. Something very specific that we both know you, Rajesh
Koothrappali, are terrified of.
Spiders! You're afraid of spiders!
A jar with a big spider in it, of course.
Bravery test. First one to take his hand out is
the sidekick.
Perhaps. Are you scared?
Oh, really? What if the earth was in danger and
the only way to save it was to stick your
hand in a jar with a spider?
Oh, come on. That's never gonna happen. Now put your
hand in the jar or forever be revealed as my
sidekick.
How did you get so brave all of a sudden?
Get it off! Get it off! Please, Raj! Ah! Ah!
Ah! Please. Oh!
You got a better idea?
Ding!
It's a bell.
Fine. How do you want to start?
One-two-three-go? That's for babies.
That's for a footrace. If you want to race, we
have to go outside.
Oh, for crying out loud. What kind of superhero needs
a jacket?
All right, how about this? Ready, wrestle.
We're starting now!
I'm legally obligated to inform you that I took a
karate lesson when I was 11. I'd be a regular
ninja by now if my mom could've arranged a carpool.
Oh, yeah? Won't matter, you're going down!
If anybody's going to go down, it's going to be
you.
I prefer to think that I can't lose.
You pathetic fool! If there were a rat-catcher, wouldn't it
catch Rat-Man?
You narcissistic nincompoop!
Ice Dragon.
Oh, and the science dudes want to talk science with
you. What do you want to talk about, rocks, dinosaurs,
our friend the beaver?
No, I know bullying. He left here unswirlied and his
ass crack was underpants-free.
So go apologize.
You started it, we just piled on.
Leonard's buying.
Uh, no, it's an indictment of the American education system.
Switching it up from last year when we came as
the Justice League of America.
He is the only person we know with actual muscles.
Yeah, she seems happier. Why wouldn't we be?
She and her lab team are under quarantine. Seems at
the Christmas party they were doing Jell-O shots out of
petri dishes that used to contain yellow fever.
He says he'll wear it if you'll be Aquaman.
I'm Batman.
I had to walk. I couldn't get Raj on the
back of my scooter.
Relax. No one's going to be looking at her hair.
Ow! I mean, ow.
Well, actually.
Okay, I guess we just go without a Wonder Woman.
No, we can still make this work. Leonard, you talk
to Penny.
You got her to have sex with you. Obviously, your
superpower is brainwashing.
Okay, the good news is, we have a Wonder Woman.
Superman probably isn't getting laid tonight.
Check it out. Those guys are breaking into that car.
Ma, Ma, calm down. Listen to me. I know it
says click with the mouse, but on a laptop, the
trackpad is the mouse. Now, put your finger on it.
Doesn't matter which finger. Good choice. Now move it down
to your e-mail icon. Yeah, the little envelope. What do
you mean, what does it look like? It looks like
an envelope! Fine, you don't like the computer, don't use
it! Sure, we can exchange it for a salad spinner.
Good-bye!
A few extra bucks would be nice. I could finally
move out of my mother's house.
I always dreamed about building a little place of my
own over the garage.
What's that? Some weird sex thing?
Sounds like we're in business.
Sheldon, I don't think Penny cares about handwriting-recognition based differential…
Well, hang on. Let's see where he's going.
Hey, I…
There's your answer, free food.
Why am I listed as your executive assistant?
So right now, this button-press event is just triggering a
dummy procedure call…
Like I was saying, right now it's just a dummy
procedure, but eventually, it will drop us into…
Again, right now it's just a dummy procedure, but eventually,
it will drop us into…
It means after we play handball, I'm showering at home.
Howard Wolowitz. Why not World's Greatest Engineer?
We're not quitting on Leonard.
Okay, let's try this one. Spherical Hankel function.
Eureka!
Fine. Let's say it together.
No. It's a little tricky. I'm gonna try having it
pick up the libraries dynam…
Well, based on the fact that our potential market is
about 70 or 80 guys, and you want a submarine,
I'd say about a million dollars a pop.
We're going to be hundred-aires.
We have.
Nobody cares about your Kegel exercises.
Fine. Red Five to Red Leader. What do you want
now?
Still right behind you.
Really? You want to see the keynote?
Actually, I was thinking we could go straight to the
room and take a nap.
We can watch it later on C-SPAN. Besides, I was
really looking forward to you and me napping together in
the hotel.
No, see, it's not…
What could we do? He's the Travel Supervisor.
Yeah. It's the Love Car.
Well, I don't know if all that's true, because you
got me, and, baby, I got you.
Babe, mm da-da, da-da, da-da, I got you, babe, da-da,
da-da, da-da, I got you, babe…
I got you, babe.
Hi. Ow. Hi.
Yes. Bernadetteie sure is.
Hey, Bernadetteie?
Please tell me he's your gay cousin.
Oh! That's a relief.
No, it's not necessarily proportional. Shut up!
That green bag is Dr. Cooper's. Here's an extra five.
Make him wait. Oh. Right to the nap, huh? Okay?
Uh, so, this Glenn guy. You say you went out
with him for, like, a year.
No. I guess not. What is he, like, six-four, six-five?
Probably has a hard time finding a suit that fits.
No. It's just…
I'm just thinking. If you had sex with that guy,
I mean, there's nothing I can do here that will
make any kind of impact.
Yeah, great, love you, too, but, if it were a
contest, I wouldn't have a chance, right?
Yep. Loser.
Sorry. I just never figured that a guy like me
going out with a girl like you would ever have
to compete with a guy like that.
I'm… I…
No! No, I'm saying exactly the opposite.
Yeah, let's go with that.
Interesting. I think what you might need to know about
my colleague is that though she claims her field of
interest is tiny organisms, she certainly has spent her fair
share of time around what we can assume was pretty
massive weaponry.
Let me ask you something, Bernadetteie.
How would you feel if you met my ex-girlfriend and
she was like Angelina Jolie?
What, I'm not hot enough for Angelina Jolie?
Look. Listen to this one. Does Einstein's theory explain why
time flies when you're having fun, but when you're listening
to Dr. Cooper, it falls out of the sky, dead?
Apparently, if you're Sheldon, all you need to do is
turn your back.
Well, picture the Hindenburg meets Chernobyl meets Three Mile Island
meets Tron 2.
So, how'd the lecture go?
Actually, we should all share the moment. Raj, if you
would.
FYI, I think that's what Darth Vader said just before
he started building the Death Star.
Sheldon still moping?
Yeah, Leonard and I are fine, but I think Raj
needs to meet a girl really soon.
Labradoodle?
Raj, I have amazing news!
I just got offered a fellowship at the Weitzmann Institute
in Israel.
I know. The only thing is, I'm gonna be gone
for two years.
That's what we're here to talk to you about. You
see, Bernadette has needs.
Sexual needs.
So, while I'm gone, you're going to have to satisfy
her.
What ya thinking so hard about?
Raj, is that you?
Shh, shh. Listen to me. I'm not gonna make it.
Raj, I don't have time. Now, pay attention. My last
wish is that you look after Bernadette.
Sexually.
You take this one. I spent an hour last night
on how do vampires shave when they can't see themselves
in the mirror?
You're thinking of 28 Days Later. 28 Days is where
Sandra Bullock goes to rehab and puts the audience into
an undead state
Why's the president of the university slumming in the cafeteria?
I'm in!
Okay, let's go smooch some rich, wrinkled tuckus.
Excuse me, my girlfriend doesn't pick out my clothes. My
mother does.
What about Sheldon?
Hey, put your tie back in your pants.
You're kidding.
I'm an engineer. Most engineers don't bother with a PhD.
But you may be interested to know I designed the
zero-gravity waste-disposal system for NASA.
I'm gonna go hit the bar.
It was so much easier at my bar mitzvah. The
old people just came up to you, pinched your cheek
and handed you a savings bond.
Hey. How was dinner?
What's going on?
Yes!
Wait-wait-wait. Are you telling us that old lady wanted to
have sex with you in exchange for giving your department
millions of dollars?
You lucky duck.
How was she?
What's so funny?
I do sometimes get a bit carried away, don't I?
You know it's meant as a compliment.
This is perfect. I hope this moment never ends.
Well, gotta go.
Well, I'd love to, but you know my mother needs
me in the morning.
It's not just the wig. It's pinning her hair up,
drawing on her eyebrows. It's a two-person job.
Oh, honey, I'm sorry. What can I do?
Okay. Like, what, another five, ten minutes?
Your call.
Boy, I don't know. You, me, Ma living under the
same roof?
I've got a better solution.
We wait for my mom's heart to explode from all
the salt she eats. Then we just stick her in
the ground, flip her mattress and move into the big
bedroom.
Look at us planning a future together.
Sex criminals don't have keys, Ma.
I was out with Bernadette.
I'm not having this conversation with you, Ma!
Nobody has a disease!
That's it. I don't have to take this. Good luck
with your eyebrows in the morning!
I'm still leaving! I just forgot my Claritin.
I need a place to crash.
Big fight with my mother.
No, we agreed they all have their merits. This was
about Bernadette.
Tea does sound nice.
There's no room. His sister is staying with him.
Yeah, some work thing. Anyway, my mother seems to think
that Bernadette…
I don't know. A couple of days ago. The thing
is, Bernadette doesn't like that I have to take care
of my mother, and my mother doesn't trust Bernadette.
That's not really necessary.
Thanks.
That's very nice of you, but I made other plans.
Hey.
Hey, Bernadette, can I talk to you for a second?
Listen, my mom's going to Palm Springs to visit her
sister. That's two whole nights in a row I can
sleep over with you all the way to morning. Unless
the desert air dries out her sinuses, in which case
I'll have to schlep out there with the big humidifier.
Isn't that great?
Oh, uh…
No, wait. You didn't let me finish.
Uh…
I choose you.
Yep. I moved out of my mother's house. Cord is
cut. I'm all yours.
I don't know. She hasn't responded to my email yet.
I love you, too. So what's for dinner?
That's fine. Why don't we go fool around in our
bedroom? And then you can go shopping.
Wow, indeed.
Yeah. You know what would make this moment perfect?
A little snack. You got any string cheese?
Not as good. You can't make strings with it. Remind
me to put it on your shopping list.
You have hypo-allergenic detergent?
Better put it on the list. If you wash my
underwear with regular soap, I get little red bumps on
my tuchus.
Well, honey, it's not gonna do itself. Oh, before I
forget, tomorrow morning, you're driving me to the dentist.
You don't have to take me. You get to take
me.
It's not weird. There's lots of kids there with their
moms.
What? It's fun. If I have no cavities, afterwards, we
go out for a treat.
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Where did that come from?
Nobody wants to do that to you, Ma.
Didn't you read my email?
Thank you.
That's got to be fun for you, huh? Watching Hofstadter
suck the saliva out of your sister's mouth?
Oh, please. That crazy bastard's looking at quirky in the
rearview mirror.
Raj, did you ever tell your sister about the time
Sheldon got punched by Bill Gates?
Cheers. You realize that's the first time we've ever done
that without having to listen to Sheldon tell us why
it's called a toast?
Yeah.
I think it's like Beetlejuice. We said his name too
many times.
Cheers.
Hey, Raj, wanna see a new magic trick I've been
working on?
Here, shuffle these.
Now spread them out on the table face down. Pick
one, look at it.
Now remember your card, put it back in the deck.
Remind me, what's your birthday?
Okay, October is the tenth month. So ten, one plus
zero is one, plus six is seven. Turn over the
seventh card.
Is that your card?
A magician never reveals his secrets. But surely a future
Nobel prize winner can figure it out.
You ever notice when he thinks real hard, it smells
like bacon?
That's your card, right?
Oh, really? So how did I do it?
I thought you had more important things to think about.
So you finally getting used to them doing it on
a daily basis?
Yeah, I was talking to Raj.
Fine. Get another deck and I'll do the trick with
that.
I'm saying believe in magic, you muggle.
And was your card the jack of diamonds?
You know, I have some remedial magic tricks that might
be more your speed. Like, ooh, look! The pencil's rubber!
You're right.
Really?
I'd love to see that. How about you, Raj?
Okay.
What's with the wand and the beep?
That's pathetic. Let me show you how a real magician
does it. Raj, take a card. Don't let me see
it.
Three of clubs.
Bippity-boppity-boo-yah!
Maybe. When it stops being fun.
Incoming.
Hey!
Oh, that's too bad. Figure out the magic trick yet?
Want me to tell you how to do it?
I'll show you one more time. Raj?
All right. Two of hearts.
Yeah, he's gonna win the Nobel prize.
Whoever did this knew what they were doing. He got
in and out of your account in under 15 minutes,
transferred all your stuff, and didn't leave a digital fingerprint.
Whoa! Somebody's auctioning off a jewelled ostrich bridle!
All right, here we are, this is the tavern where
all the black-market weapon trades go down.
Maybe if you stop dropping your sword and bending over
to pick it up.
Redheaded troll, goes by the name of Glumly. According to
the message boards, if you want to move stolen goods
and it's after school hours, he's your guy.
Our troll just walked in! I got him!
So, how do you guys want to play this?
Nah, I think we have to be more subtle.
Good news, gentlemen, I found our hacker.
Yeah. No one can hide from me, not Waldo, not
Carmen San Diego, not even topless Natalie Portman.
Thanks. Our culprit is one Mr. Todd Zarnecki, 2711 Ocean
View Road, Carlsbad, California.
Well, quite a bit, actually.
Yes, he does live with his parents. Here's a Google
Earth shot of their house.
Also, tonight's the Sabbath and my mother and I have
a tradition of lighting the candles and watching Wheel of
Fortune, so If we could leave at eight, we'd still
be able to regain our birthright at ten, ten thirty
latest.
And me.
I am. She's just bleaching her moustache. Check it out.
Hey, Ma! Before and After! Four words, 17 letters, two
N's, one V.
Yeah, she's kind of a Wheel savant.
That's the nicest thing he does to your sister.
New puzzle, Ma. Same name. One N, two D's, three
O's.
I know. It's her superpower. Well, that and jiggling her
arm fat.
Yeah, we're kind of bad-asses, aren't we?
Beyonce? Really?
Next time we go to kick someone's ass, we take
the train.
Why did you bring that?
Yeah, he walked right into our trap.
19 th-century technology.
No, not a clue.
This one's funny, Leonard. How come you couldn't make it
work with her?
Hmm? Oh, I'm sorry. I was somewhere else.
It's a Bernadette thing.
I'm gonna ask her to marry me.
Yeah. I just need to figure out the right time
to pop the question.
Oh, great. It's my cousin David about the ring. Hey,
David, what'd you find? Oh, sure, a half a carat's
fine. Her freakishly small hands make anything look big. It's
one of the reasons I love her.
Sure.
Hey, everybody, I got something I want to ask Bernadette,
and I can't think of a better time than when
I'm with all my friends.
Thank you. Bernadette Maryann Rostenkowski…
I know things haven't been perfect with us, and we've
had our problems, but I just have to tell you,
from the moment I…
Yes, what?
You will?
Oh, I love you so much.
I wish to discuss your theories of black holes. Meet
me at the Randy's Donut by the airport at 2:00
a.m.
That's interesting. Can you just switch restaurants like that, Priya?
Opa!
Then the studio must have real faith in it.
I'm not going to help you. This is hilarious.
Okay, I'm still trying to work this out. How did
Penny meet an astronaut?
Most of those guys live in Texas.
Okay.
Fine.
I'm not grilling you, I was just curious.
It's nice to have another couple to hang with, isn't
it?
Bernadetteie, you okay?
Sure.
Nice to see that the gals are getting along.
Okay, well, it's getting late. This was terrific. You win.
Bernadetteie?
Nice. Okay, rook to transporter pad. And he comes out
at Leonard's Queen's Bishop five-and-a-third. Check on Leonard.
He drank from Leonard's glass.
Where are you going?
Nothing soothes those pre-wedding jitters like the thought of falling
and drowning.
I was thinking of weaving it into her eulogy.
Hey, have you told your parents you're dating this short
glass of skim milk here?
Right, right, whereas Jewish mothers take a casual, la-di-da approach
to their sons.
Troll master.
Okay, the Eagle has landed.
Bernadette and my mother are having a get-to-know-you lunch at
the Old Town Deli.
Hope so. Of course, if history is any indication, my
mother will swallow her whole and spit out her bones
like an owl.
You mean Adolf and Eva? Not yet. One goose step
at a time.
Ma, I'm home! Where are you?
So, how'd it go?
No, I mean lunch, today, with Bernadette.
Besides food, did you get along? Did you talk?
No, she never mentioned it.
Yeah, that's probably it. So, what do you think? Do
you like her? She's great, huh?
That's good to hear, because I've got some news.
Bernadette and I are getting married. Ma? You too busy
bearing down? Ma? Oh, my God, Ma? Ma? Ma? Stand
back, I'm gonna break the door down! Son of a
bitch! Ma, help!
So I knocked down the bathroom door, picked up my
poor unconscious mother, carried her to the car, and drove
like a madman to the emergency room.
No, I did what any son would do.
I was filled with adrenaline. It happens to be how
women lift cars off babies.
What can I tell you? After I found the courage
to put her pants back on, I was unstoppable.
They're running tests. I don't know. It may have been
a heart attack or heart-attack-like event.
My family is the history of heart disease. There's a
cave painting in France of one of my ancestors doing
this.
Well, maybe. Mom also had just gotten some news that
might have upset her.
It's not important.
You'd think that. But no.
You can't take that personally.
What you've got to keep in mind is that ever
since my dad left, I've been the whole world to
my mother. I mean, she'd be threatened by any woman
who can give me what she can't.
Well, when you say it like that you make it
sound creepy.
Bernadetteie, wait!
Bernadetteie, it's not you. She's just set in her ways.
It's the circle of life, sweetie. One day our son
will marry someone and it will kill you.
What's wrong with the bathroom here?
Sheldon, my mother is on her deathbed and my fiancée
is grief-stricken over putting her there. I'm not taking you
home.
No!
Is she okay?
Can I see her?
Jews have been asking that for centuries. There's no real
good answer.
Don't worry, you'll be fine. Let's just hide Mr. Cross.
If it touches her, it burns.
Yeah.
Hey, how'd it go?
Yeah. Do you?
And are you?
Well, based on the available evid…
Where are you going?
Is it just me, or does she sound sexy when
she's angry?
Colossal Serpent.
If you skip the part about being under a two-week
quarantine because you were exposed to a deadly disease, absolutely.
Uh..
You gotta like this, the girlfriend and the ex-girlfriend bonding
over your rooty-tooty stinky booty.
Congratulations, honey.
Please, this isn't about me. I'm proud of you.
What?
Better than what you've got a buttload of.
Hey, what's up?
No, Ma! It's Raj!
Yes!
Sheldon, yes! Everybody's a doctor but me!
What's up?
Sure, but I'm going out with Bernadette. It'll just be
you and my mother.
Ma, can Rajesh sleep over?!
I don't know, she's pretty feisty since they put her
on hormone-replacement therapy.
Why?
Yeah, ha-ha. First of all, I'm not threatened by my
fiancée's success. I'm proud of her. And secondly, I have
my own career.
So do you know what kind of research you'll be
doing at this pharmaceutical company?
Oh, Bernadetteie, no. You didn't have to.
You bought me a Rolex? How much did this cost?
I've been up all night. I had a fight with
Bernadette.
She gave me a beautiful watch.
