What?
We’re not gonna be brothers. We’re not gonna be stepbrothers.
Go to sleep.
Go to sleep.
No.
I’m sorry if this stuff is gonna make the ceremony
awkward.
Yeah, drive safe.
Well, why? What’s wrong?
Not helping, buddy. Mother, Penny and I really want you
to be part of this. Please stay.
Here you are, Mother.
I’m glad you decided to stay. It’s gonna be special
for Penny and me to share this with you.
Yeah, special, like that. That’s them. Please don’t make things
any more awkward than they already are.
Hey, guys, come on in.
You don’t know his girlfriend very well.
Well, nothing happened, right? It’s over. Until we get married
a third time, you guys will never have to see
each other again.
Mary, I’m sorry you’re in the middle of this.
Are you saying that my dad’s not good enough for
your mom?
This is ridiculous. I’m going across the hall.
Fine, then you go.
That still leaves me here with him.
Hello.
Oh, you, too. Hey, everyone, this is my mother, Beverley.
And he can’t wait to meet you, too. Can I
get anyone a drink?
Penny, as a scientist, my job is to figure out
why things happen. But I don’t think I’ll ever understand
how someone like me could get to be with someone
like you. You know, maybe I don’t need to understand
it, I just need to be grateful. I love you,
Penny.
Thank you.
Hey, I’m just thrilled we’re all getting along for a
minute.
That’s okay. I can make it over.
That was almost a minute.
So some alien kid spent his money on the asthma-and-glasses
upgrade for me?
What’s up?
Really?
You realize if the military declares our research classified, they
can take the whole thing away from us.
There goes our big payday.
You do that, too?
Are you crazy? You can’t put that on Snapchat.
That’s not a bad idea.
You’re not a lawyer, Sheldon, you’re just a know-it-all.
That’s the definition of being a know-it-all.
Hi.
I saw it. It’s big.
Someday, when I’m up on murder charges, you’ll be hearing
from me.
‘Cause when you talk, it enrages people.
Yes.
I’m getting enraged.
Don’t speak.
Hi.
Exactly. Yeah, you have a good grasp of the physics.
Where did you go to school?
I don’t know how I feel about this.
That’s a lot less big.
Which means I won’t be able to make Penny breakfast
every day, and she’ll realize my brioche French toast was
the only thing keeping her in the marriage.
Oh, thanks, man.
Well, the colonel said it was for the good of
the country, and the funding is substantial.
Oh, looks like it.
Wish we weren’t so far from my parking space.
I’d like to reinstate the you-not-talking rule.
Is that a retinal scanner?
No way.
Oh, my turn, my turn.
I didn’t even have to take my glasses off/
It knows.
Yay.
Sure, I’m still figuring out the thermo-acoustic expander.
We only have two months to deliver this to the
Air Force because of you.
Guys, we’re not gonna get anything done if we start
fighting. Now, can you please try to soldier through?
It’s been three and a half minutes, wake up.
Oh, I had a good dream that when I carried
you to bed, I let your head hit the wall
and I laughed.
What is this?
Oh, that is so nice.
So, what are you guys gonna do today?
You don’t think you’ll be bored?

Oh, it’s complicated. He finds pushing that little door and
reaching up into the machine uncomfortably intimate.
Are you okay?
According to the world’s worst cuckoo clock, it’s two.
What?
So?
You only had one.
We can’t afford to lose any more time.
That’s not helpful. It’s fun to think about, but it’s
not helpful. Hey, Sheldon, we are on a serious time
crunch. We can’t do this without you. Can you please
pull it together?
Thank you.
I’m gonna get some coffee. You want some?
Uh, okay, let’s pretend you do have a problem.
You don’t.
No, you don’t. But let’s say you do. And don’t
say you do, because you don’t. Now, wouldn’t you think
that throwing yourself into your work would be the best
way to deal with it?
Your problem.
Is it about the rotational symmetries you should be figuring
out or your fake caffeine problem?
Sheldon. We are dealing with an impossible deadline from the
Air Force because of you. So have an energy drink,
don’t have an energy drink. Order suppositories and shove ’em
wherever you want, I don’t care.
Right. Listen to me. We can’t do anything until you
do your part. So get up in front of this
whiteboard and do it.
Yes, you can.
Seriously?
It’s okay, we’ll figure something out.
It’ll be fine. You’ll see. Sheldon? Buddy?
Um, I don’t really know how to say this.
Right. Sorry, sir.
Sir.
I understand that we’re under contract, and I don’t know
what the consequences of violating that are, but, uh, we’re
not gonna be able to deliver in the time we
promised.
Thanks for understanding, sir.
All right, pressure’s off
That stinks. How long are you out of the apartment?
Buildings that have a combination of copper and galvanized steel
are susceptible to pinholes and corrosion caused by the mobility
of ions in the water. Can’t have your head shoved
in a toilet as much as I did and not
pick up a few things about plumbing.
And we live with Sheldon, so the word inconvenience has
really lost all meaning.
Mm-hmm. For two of us, it’s in the right direction.
It’s only for five weeks.
You just shaved yesterday. You’re good for three months.
Okay. Star Trek, the original series, the Enterprise was on
a five-year mission to explore new worlds. Think of this
as your personal five-week mission to do the same.
And you were worried about the romance. 00
That’s a good question. Maybe just don’t come over.
Just nod and smile. He’s almost gone.
I’m trying to think of an answer that won’t stop
you from doing this.
Never leave a belt on the floor. At night, they
look like snakes.
Keep M&M’S in your pocket in case you have to
wait in a long line.
He startles easily, so, please, no flash photography.
You enjoy your mission to boldly go where no man
has gone before.
You guys have fun.
I’m on it. 15 years from now, we’ll make guacamole
together.
Good night.
Yeah.
That’s it. It’s Sheldon’s bedtime, he is in for the
night.
It’s weird. This must be how parents feel when their
kid goes off to college. Unless they feel sad, then
it’s different.
I know exactly what we are gonna do.
Hey, Sheldon’s not here, so we are going to put
on music and dance in our underwear.
Oh, don’t worry. Once you see my sweet moves, sex
is inevitable.
I’ll just let my hips do the talkin’.
The world may have forgotten about Dance Dance Revolution, but
not this smooth criminal.
You were right.
I feel like I pulled something. Why didn’t you tell
me to stop?
If you ever need a break, the owner of the
train store will let you leave him there while you
get a coffee.
Yeah.
Eh.
Do it.
I’ll give you a hint. We’re watching Daredevil.
Won’t.
Don’t.
And I think the most helpful thing we can tell
you is no backsies.
Hey, she didn’t compromise. She settled. There’s a difference.
When you live with someone, there’s gonna be conflict. You
just have to keep communicating.
Hey, you can make jokes, but if this keeps up,
he’s gonna move back in here.
Good. Then before we reintroduce them, we’ll give him one
of her sweaters so he can get used to her
scent again.
No, that’s actually what we did with him when Howard
came back from space.
Look, here’s the thing you need to understand about Sheldon.
He’s the worst.
I prefer to think of myself as five-ten, but I
still need to get all my pants hemmed.
Don’t beat yourself up. You’ve never lived with anyone before.
And you’re starting out with Sheldon Cooper. That’s like getting
your first pet and having it be, I don’t know,
what’s a kind of pet that ruins your life?
Look, even when Penny and I started living together, there
was a learning curve. But I promise you, it does
get easier.
Yeah. My record was six.
No, don’t do that.
Exactly. Learn from my mistakes. No matter where I am
at 7
Oh, true, but think of how much you’ve accomplished. Who
got him to stop Purelling his pocket change?
And who got him to put things other than gloves
in the glove compartment?
And who got him to try a turkey dog?
How can you stop now? That’s like walking out of
Pinocchio right before he becomes a real boy.
Of course you do.
Oh. He can try. He’d just need a good locksmith.
What do you think?
How you guys doing?
Why does she get that? We never got that.
I’m very happy for you.
Did we really need to be here for this?
Yeah. It’s a dinky little convention where they sell collectibles
and get sad D-list celebrities to appear. Why?
That’s awesome. Is this for Serial Ape-ist?
When is it?
What? Why not?
Yeah, but it’s not pathetic, that’s where I draw the
line. Come on, we’ll have fun.
You’ll have nerds fawning all over you. If you don’t
love that, this marriage is in trouble.
Yeah. Wow, An appearance by George Lucas… ‘s dermatologist. Oh,
I want that autograph.
Oh, everything we need for your autograph session, head shots,
markers.
Are you kidding? I once paid twenty dollars for Theo
Sassler’s signature.
Oh, I don’t even know. I just liked his name.
Theo Sassler. Okay, and look at this. I even got
a change maker. How much change you want, little lady?
Yeah, well, if it’s a dollar, you’re in luck.
Never been on this side of the table before. I
feel powerful.
Okay, so it’s four seventy-five for a signed black-and-white and
nine ninety-five for a colour.
Well, I brought my moneymaker. Let me shake it.
Oh. You think he’s your first autograph?
Would you like an autograph?
That’ll be four seventy-five.
But I-I-I, oh. Nothing about that was good.
Okay, let’s keep it moving.
Should’ve punched that guy.
Why do you do that? Can’t you let me have
my moment?
No. She cannot kiss. What is wrong with you people?
No, no, no. It’s not okay.
I’m her husband.
I am.
Well, she moved in across the hall.
Like a river carves a canyon.
That’s right. I’m her change daddy.
And that is how a short asthmatic scientist landed a
stone cold fox.
The third time I did it in skywriting, but she
never looked up.
Yeah. I said no.
I just wanted to make her work for it.
She makes more money than I do.
It’s cute, they’re having fun living together.
What do you mean?
So, she’s just been lying to him?
Yeah, but to make him leave, not to make him
stay.
So their plan for saving the Earth from Armageddon is
hoping a bunch of scientists can catch a ball?
You’re awful quiet, everything okay?
I wouldn’t worry about it. She’s probably just distracted by
work.
Buddy, buddy, listen, nothing bad is going on, she just,
she just didn’t want you to know that the work
on her apartment was finished a couple weeks ago.
She’s enjoying living with you and she didn’t want it
to end early.
Yes.
Sheldon, this is not a big deal. It’s a little
white lie, everyone does it.
Why would you tell him that? That’s terrible advice.
Well, of course not.
Uh, no.
Are you kidding me?
Superman’s gone, my stormtrooper’s gone.
I’d say damn it in Klingon, but that wasn’t until
next month.
Khoo-vakh! She took my Where’s Waldo.
Oh, yeah, there he is.
Eventually, I guess. Although, I am kind of curious how
long she thinks she can keep hiding my stuff without
me knowing.
Oh, my God, I’m going blind.
Yeah?
jISovbe’ (I don’t know.)
ghobe’ (No.)
Fine, I told Sheldon that her apartment’s been finished, but
then you just said it’s not, so now I’m all
confused.
Mm-hmm, and what’s it called when you secretly get rid
of all your husband’s stuff?
Bernadette told Howard, Howard told me, plus, I can see
all my stuff is gone.
You really didn’t think I’d notice my stuff was missing?
Where’s Batman?
And?
Ooh, maybe I could turn it into a gaming den.
But you won’t be living here.
But you won’t be living here.
You guys might want to start eating. But you won’t
be living here.
Look, I get it, this is still my room, we
haven’t really made it yours.
Which is why I got you this Pink Power Ranger.
Put it anywhere you like.
I’m kidding, I want you to feel at home here.
Decorate it any way that makes you happy.
I really do.
Yeah? What are you keeping?
What about my robot poster?
Oh, hey, Sheldon.
Over my assless chaps you will.
Do you know what you need to do now?
Wow.
No, no, no, no, no, it’s, it’s important to me
that you have the bedroom you want.
I love you, too.
Just hiding some stuff in your closet, don’t tell Penny.
Really? The last green thing I saw you eat was
a Skittle.
How’s that broccoli?
Oh, so she’s an astronomer?
Okay, well, good luck with it.
I’m married, I don’t have to be attractive.
Why does he need a baby? He’s already hairless and
smells like talcum powder.
That’s true. Sheldon’s father once picked a fight with a
cactus.
Well, we know they were smart enough to send him
away.
Well, have fun with whatever nightmare’s behind door number two.
I’m sorry, is that a yes?
That is unbelievable. Good for Bert.
That’s Sheldon’s way of saying he’s proud of Bert, too.
How much money did he win?
Wow.
Right. Be polite.
Yeah, good for you.
I know, and it was the greatest sarcastic quip I’ve
ever heard.
Ignore him, he’s just cranky because Bert from the geology
lab won a big grant.
They say it could be a potential indicator of life
on other planets.
It’s always fun watching him read someone else’s work.
What are you doing?
Hey, buddy, why don’t we go for a walk, so
you can calm down.
Hey, I’m trying to help you.
You just wave your arms a little and they fly
away, it’s not…
Really, why?
I couldn’t just take the compliment. I had to ask
why. You know, I do understand what you’re feeling. My
brother and sister’s accomplishments have always been held over my
head.
I wet the bed until college, but I don’t think
that’s a quality fix.
Do it. Visualize it as your anger and, and toss
it out of your life.
Let it fly.
Then he got more angry and kicked the rock with
his other foot.
Oh, I laughed so hard, I burst a blood vessel
in my nose. It’s fine.
Although if you are gonna do it again, please let
me know, so I can get it on video.
You’re up.
If it helps, I’m questioning your life choices, too.
Does it spin around and do tricks?
Then yeah.
Oh, how will we ever get used to the new
you?
I think he might be learning on his own.
Excuse me, I have to go take some pictures.
It’s not hard. Just picture the Three Stooges, and then
take away two stooges.
I’ve always been jealous of how much money Raj’s family
has.
Yeah. I loved it. Love you, love the hair, would
love to change the subject.
Oh, I don’t mind. If you pull a butterscotch out
of your pocket, it would be like I’m walking with
my grandma.
Well, change plaque to mixed-race couple and you are my
grandma.
Hey, Sheldon, I’ve got someone here who might make you
feel better.
Oh, it was a good one. He played poker with
Sir Isaac, you don’t care.
Do not tell Wolowitz.
Hey, guys, what are you, oh, that’s here, cool.
Yes, you do.
Sounds right, a limited edition collectible worth hundreds of dollars
and a thing that grew out of a thing we
fished from the trash.
Fine, take the plant.
Oh, yeah. The Mr. Spock cuckoo clock.
So you think you should keep it?
Keep the clock, Sheldon.
Let me guess, you want it.
You know what, Sheldon, take it. In fact, you can
have everything, I really don’t care.
Well, now they’re yours.
Well, you know what’s gonna happen, he’s just gonna come
up with some reason why everything should be his.
You know what? There is one thing I would like.
I would like to keep the official flag of our
apartment.
Yeah, I like this one.
But you made me order it because you were too
well-known in the flag community and they’d jack up the
price.
Oh, I do. The, the field of blue represents you
being miserable, and the lion sticking its tongue out means
I’m happy about it.
Is the Wi-Fi working for you?
Oh, I knew it, Sheldon changed the password.
Well, the new network name is ha ha ha, now
I’ve got you, so it’s either Sheldon or Gargamel from
The Smurfs.
You’re good at revenge, how do we get him back?
Sheldon, I know what you did, now change the password
back.
Sheldon, I’m warning you, I can play this game, too.
All right, I tried.
Hey.
Separating my delicates.
No. This is the level I am stooping to. I
believe that is flag to crotch four, checkmate. Easy-peasy, ooh,
so breezy.
No, last time that old lady in the park kept
screaming, watch out, he’s right behind you. Hello?
Uh, can I help you?
Unbelievable. Okay, uh, I don’t know what he told you,
but you can’t stay here.
Sheldon, what do you think you’re doing?
And just leave him here alone?
Uh, Theodore, how long are you planning to stay exactly?
This is ridiculous.
Sheldon, get out here.
We lived together 13 years. How can you be so
awful to me?
Because you were being selfish.
Why? I said I didn’t care.
Yeah, thanks, but nobody asked you.
Well, for me, too. It’s not the same with you
gone.
No.
Well, I’d like that, too.
You promise?
Good?
Well, I’m sure at some point, we won’t even notice
it’s there.
Come on, we’re going to the hospital.
Damn, I need my inhaler.
No, I went down the stairs too fast.
I found it, but it’s empty.
Are you sure? I’d really like to.
Okay, I can breathe again. Babe, they want to have
sex.
If we find my backup inhaler, maybe we can get
frisky.
Found the backup inhaler, want to have sex?
Hang on. I’m counting. It’s okay.
Come on, everyone to the hospital.
Well, it is their child.
It’s hard to believe Howard’s having a kid.
It’s not just Howard and Bernadette. I mean, look how
far we’ve all come.
Penny was a struggling actress when we met, and now
she’s a successful pharmaceutical rep.
Sheldon, Howard and I are working with the government on
our quantum gyroscope.
Sorry, Stuart.
I’ve come to peace with my relationship with my parents.
That was a big milestone for me.
Oh, like Halley’s comet.
I wonder which one’s Halley.
Yeah. Let me finish packing this stuff up. You know
how Sheldon is if he sees Christmas stuff lying around
after New Year’s.
Well, he doesn’t live at Walmart, but he still threw
a tantrum when he saw Marshmallow Peeps after Easter. And
that’s the same man who complains you can’t find Marshmallow
Peeps after Easter.
Well, he didn’t throw up on the baby. That’s a
win.
Did you at least have a good flight down there?
And before our next drive to Comic-Con, I need the
name of that juice.
Hold on. How did you get him in the car?
Who knows what he has down there.
Absolutely not.
Absolutely not.
Hey.
And their Sherpas.
On purpose, not the way it used to happen in
high school.
It might’ve been the worst one we’ve ever had.
Well, we had started binge-watching Luke Cage together, and it
was kind of our thing, and then I find out
that she watched two episodes without me.
Oh, yeah? And you thought Spock ears were only good
for Comic-Con.
Oh cool, I’ll be like a pointy-eared Paul Bunyan.
Stupid idea.
For the tenth time, my mittens were slippery!
You know how easily I blister.
Look, we could keep fighting and let it ruin our
night, or, or we can stop and try to salvage
the evening.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Do not need a break.
If I need a break, I’ll ask for a break.
Yeah?
You want to decorate it tonight?
I hope it kills us both.
By the way, if anyone asks, the elevator shaft always
had a tree in it.
Ignore him. How did you get the baby to stop
crying?
Please tell me you didn’t use Amy’s magic juice.
See you guys at work.
Well, it sounded like you were having a rough day,
so i wanted you to come home to something nice.
Hey, do you remember when we went wine tasting in
Santa Barbara and you said that was you’d ever had?
and this wine is why.
I made your favourite. Pizza bagels.
Well, now be careful, these are hot. i could explain
the thermodynamics of why the cheese seems hotter than the
crust, but instead I’m gonna keep it to myself.
Well, you know, It’s easy to take each other for
granted and I never want to do that to you,
because your love, it’s like a river. It’s peaceful and
deep. Your soul is, it’s like a secret that I
could never keep.
I quoted your favourite Nsync song.
Damn. I burped so hard, i died in my game.
Why?
That’s nice. I wear a size eight and a half.
Are you gonna laugh at the answer?
If you must know, Penny won a spa weekend from
work, and she’s taking me.
So, hang out with me and we’ll have boys’ night.
Because we just spent our allowance on comic books.
Oh, no. Good game.
Hey.
Just ignore him.
What’s that supposed to mean?
Hey, what’s going on with you?
Well, hey, come on, just tell me.
What? Where is this coming from?
That is ridiculous.
No, no, no, no, let’s talk about it. I’m the
one who’s made all the effort in this relationship since
day one. Please tell me what more I could do?
Fine, go ahead.
Mm-hmm.
Have fun.
Go ahead, it’s fine.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Earl grey?
Honey?
Unsweetened almond…
Sorry, thank you.
I really don’t know.
I don’t want to play a game, Sheldon.
Its not that I’d stopped trying, its just how relationships
progress. They start with infatuation, but over time mellow into
something more comfortable.
Is it about the failing state of my relationship with
Penny?
I don’t want to wait two days for us to
work this out.
I would pull this car over and kick you out,
but If Penny dumps me, you’re all I got.
Hey.
I came here to apologize.
Okay. I don’t get it, you said make an effort,
here I am making an effort.
I don’t understand what you want.
Hey.
Listen, we realized, that, uh, we’re facing some new challenges
as a married couple.
Would you please help us make a relationship agreement? But
one that’s tailored to us, okay, we don’t need a
bathroom schedule.
What do you say?
Does it really need to say that?
Article 10, subsection C, if questioned Penny may not say
that everything is fine if it isn’t. Other unacceptable responses
include, it’s nothing, don’t worry about it, and, I said
it’s nothing don’t worry about it.
Me, too.
What’s going on with that woman you’re dating?
Why?
Ignore him. Yeah, sorry about the breakup.
You’re not being very nice.
Careful, I saw this on Star Trek. Smoke’s gonna come
out of his ears soon. Hey.
And you think we can get those guys to reprogram
Sheldon? Cool.
That a bunch of awkward scientists with no social skills
would invent a machine to do it for them?
I was thinking maybe a library or a gaming room.
I don’t like trains. You like trains.
Well, when you get the machine, you can find out.
No, Raj, that’s a terrible idea.
Hey, great news. The TV I want will fit in
the gaming room, and if I leave the curtains open,
I can watch it from work.
Oh. Yeah. Okay, sure. What’s going on with your brother?
Huh. Is that a good idea? I mean, you think
they’ll consider someone who was in prison for selling drugs?
Well, I’m sure he’ll appreciate carrying his samples in a
briefcase instead of his colon. How long do you think
he’ll stay?
Hmm. Who knows? That’s exciting. I’ll get to wake up
every morning and see if he’s still here.
Of course not. I mean, he’s your brother.
Remember that when the new TV falls off the wall
and crushes us both.
Yeah, sure. He really worked with the Drug Enforcement Agency?
How’s it working out?
That’s great, I’m happy for you.
No, it doesn’t.
No.
I said no.
Fine. You invited your drug dealer brother to stay with
us for God knows how long and didn’t bother to
ask me first.
I’m not saying you have to ask my permission, but
you could have talked to me about it before you
said it was okay.
Our gaming room. I was gonna put a scented candle
in it.
Because I didn’t want to sound like a jerk.
If you get him a job, he’s gonna live here
forever!
Has he ever had his own place?
Did it have a metal toilet next to the bed?
Stay out of this. You and your stupid machine started
this fight.
We owe you an apology.
That was six years ago. I’m talking about tonight.
And, sorry about the suitcase.
Mm, Penny’s gonna call her dad and tell him it’s
not a good time for Randall to visit.
Oh, you’re his little girl, he can’t stay mad at
you.
So you’re gonna throw me under the bus?
That’s because we are.
We can’t. He was already fixed when I found him
at the shelter.
Nicely done, Howard.
Good for you, on the cutting edge of new technology
and still making inappropriate comments about the mother of your
child.
That’s great, but the Air Force approved the specs. We’re
good to go.
Can we please stop talking about poodles?
Fine, go for a little walk.
Just keep walking.
At least it’s quiet when he takes bathroom breaks.
You’re kidding.
You know, I do have a way to get him
out of our hair. I’ve been holding onto this for
a few years, but maybe now’s the time.
You can’t kill him, he’ll just respawn at the last
save point.
Hey, uh, buddy, I got you a little present.
Yeah. Go ahead, open it.
Okay. Where were we?
This train thing worked out better than I thought. He’s
home studying the engineer’s manual.
Four thousand dollars, worth every penny.
Colonel Williams. Sir.
As a cooling solution, it’s pretty cool.
Oh, nothing. Just some math we don’t need.
It’s just a theory. Uh, it’s not even worked out.
Sir, uh, if I may, uh, we’ve put a lot
of thought and effort into this current prototype. It’s a
really elegant solution, and most importantly, it works.
Oh, boo-hoo. I spent four grand on a gift that
only got rid of him for an afternoon. What is
that?
Okay, look, Sheldon, the Colonel wants us to make the
guidance system smaller, and we can’t do it without you.
Sheldon, you can still go on the trip in a
few weeks. Just help us out.
Come on, you know you’re not leaving physics. Why are
you doing this?
Okay. This is everything he had on the board. I’m
sure we can figure the rest out.
Oh, we can get this. Is there any chance it’s
upside-down?
It’s classified. If we tell anyone, we’d get in trouble.
Just keep thinking. I got it.
No, but when we show this nonsense to Sheldon, it
will make him crazy, and he’ll have to fix it.
Yeah, I know. That’s not even a math symbol. That’s
just Charlie Brown’s hair.
Well, Sheldon, turns out we didn’t need you after all.
No.
Aren’t you gonna look at the board to see how
right we are?
Just look at the board.
Oh, no, what should we have done differently?
Come on, Sheldon. You can’t turn your back on physics,
and besides, you have no idea what you’re doing with
this stuff.
And instead of standing around watching, you can help us
build your smaller guidance system.
So, what do you say?
You can do this.
This is an Euler’s Disk. It’s a physics toy that
demonstrates angular momentum, potential energy, and kinetic energy.
But Raj is from India, which means he’s no slouch
at holding his breath.
How ya doing?
Dig deep, like when we bet you couldn’t fit into
Howard’s pants.
Yes, he is.
Aw, that used to work with Sheldon.
Who forgot to crack the window?
Hey.
What’s going on with your dad?
But all you did was complain when he did that.
I’m sorry, is he waiting for someone to disagree?
I’m trying, but I’m judging.
Yeah. Well, we work at the same place as you,
and we’ve always been fine.
Do you know how much your car costs?
Sounds like you’re gonna need a cheaper place to live.
Hey, you guys let Stuart live with you. Why not
Raj, too?
What if he lives in your garage?
Yeah.
Oh, you brought your own lunch. Good for you.
What brought that on?
Hey.
We’re helping Raj figure out his finances.
What is Pink Cheeks?
Maybe you should find someone to help you get your
finances under control.
We don’t know, his mother never had him tested.
No. Which will make me miserable, which is usually Sheldon’s
job.
She’s gonna hate how often we say the word panels.
Well, she’s so excited, I can’t do that to her.
That I would do to her.
See? Miserable.
Hang, hang on. So I have to bring Penny, you
can’t afford it, Howard’s gonna get in trouble, and this
guy gets to have a great time.
Okay, so this is the main Comic-Con floor. It’s where
all the vendors and exhibits are.
I know. Sometimes Howard wears a striped shirt so we
can play Where’s Wolowitz? Okay, now, This is us camping
out in line for the Avengers panel.
Yeah. It can get chilly, but Raj figured out that
if you pee in a bottle and put it in
your sleeping bag, it helps keep you warm. Here’s the
hotel room we all share.
Every hotel is booked. But, yeah, see this space here
between Sheldon’s feet and my head? That’s where you go.
Don’t worry, we won’t be doing much sleeping anyway. It’s
like an all-night party. There’s trivia contests and Dungeons &
Dragons. As we like to say, it’s off the chain
mail.
I even said off the chain mail, and she still
wants to go.
Hey, I was thinking, if you want to do a
couples costume, we could paint ourselves green and be Hulk
and She-Hulk. Or we could paint ourselves blue and go
as Nightcrawler and Mystique.
Yeah, if you want us to look like losers.
Yeah, of course, why?
Oh, why? Do you not want to go?
No, I want you to go.
Now we’re going as Hulk and She-Hulk. I don’t want
to take my shirt off at Comic-Con.
Is that nice?
Uh, it’s more complicated than that.
Do you think she’s as honest with you?
Sure, or you can.
I don’t have a problem with your driving.
He wasn’t in a car, but okay.
I honestly don’t.
If you want to drive, just drive. I don’t see
why this has to be so complicated.
That’s not it because you’re clearly upset.
Why would I be upset?
Well, I just don’t think you’re gonna have a good
time.
Why would you say you wanted to go if you
didn’t?
O-o-o-okay, hold on, so if you don’t want to go
and I don’t need to bring you, is everything good?
All right, problem solved.
Now you can come with us.
You know what? I’ve gone 12 times. Maybe I’ll sit
out this year, too.
Yeah. Maybe you and I can do something fun that
weekend.
Oh, how about we compromise and go on the Small
World ride at Disneyland?
Aw, man, did you see this post from Raj?
No. He can’t afford his apartment, and he’s asking if
anyone knows of a cheap place to live. I want
to say India, but it seems mean.
We do have Sheldon’s old room. If he really needs
a place to stay, I guess we should offer it
to him.
Am I still a good friend if I wait and
hope that Howard offers him a place to live first?
Hey, buddy, you still looking for a place to live?
You know, we have the extra bedroom, and if you
need it, it’s yours.
It’s the least we can do.
I don’t have a loofah.
Hey.
Yeah, for a little while.
And I think it’s nice that you’re taking whatever medication
Amy’s clearly giving you.
Just when I thought you couldn’t get any hotter.
Do not adjust the dosage. You nailed it.
I don’t know. Yours looks like he has worms.
Hey.
Perfect timing. Food’s ready.
You didn’t do anything, it’s Sheldon. That’d make a nice
needlepoint pillow.
I don’t know who you talked to, but that wasn’t
my mother.
Why are you saying we have marital problems? We don’t
have marital problems.
Look, just because we took our friend in does not
mean that Penny and I are afraid to be alone.
Well, now that you point it out…
We do seem to keep finding room mates.
Did you know Raj moved out last night?
Leonard and Penny, I’m sorry for all the trouble I’ve
caused. I went to stay at Howard’s. PS Cinnamon’s with
me, but if you feel like messing with Sheldon, tell
him she’s loose in the building.
Should we go bring him back?
Oh, that was just because my mother got in my
head. It’s like being possessed, but instead of Satan it’s,
actually, it’s the same thing.
Well, great.
Just one second. Help, Cinnamon’s loose in the building.
You are not a burden, and we want you to
come back and stay with us.
I thought we were getting breakfast before work.
It’s cute that you think that. Don’t worry about it.
Sure. You’re living here for free, I guess I owe
you.
Bye.
Well, she’s done.
He does raise an interesting point.
I understand it, Sheldon.
Who’s Paul?
Oh, sure. Wait, Nancy?
Jerry?
Tina?
I went to your office Christmas party?
I’d still like to know who Jerry is.
That would be great. Thank you.
Or we could do something we’ll all enjoy, like play
a board game.
I mean, they didn’t say anything, but I just kind
of felt like I was being a weird third wheel.
Anyway, I figured I can hang out with my friends
and have fun, too.
Oh, it’s just nice to be with people who are
happy to have me around. Isn’t that right, Halley?
I mean, I’m glad they’re getting along, but it’s starting
to make me uncomfortable.
A little, until I saw them in matching tops.
Well, what am I supposed to say, stop having fun
without me?
I know, but he was my friend first. It’s like
she’s stealing him and they’re just having the best time
doing all their dumb girly stuff together.
You know, it’s nice to spend time with people who
don’t talk about work like it’s some kind of soap
opera.
Yeah.
I’m sure I’m overreacting.
I don’t want to sound like a jealous baby.
Anyway, I know it’s silly, but since Raj moved in,
I’ve been feeling a little left out.
Thank you. I just feel…
Well, to be truthful…
Thank you. I…
Hey, Olsen twins…
Well, I mean, I’m sitting right here. You’re talking about
my feelings and somehow leaving me out of the conversation.
I don’t know, you pretty much covered it.
Oh, I would, but we need to make a push
on the air force project.
Yeah, why?
We’ve had this planned for a week.
I’m sorry, what is this plan you have?
When does that start?
It’s getting harder to pretend.
It can’t be four revolutions, it’s got to be seven.
Oh, my God, it’s seven.
Seven.
I got to admit, we didn’t think you’d be able
to do two things at once.
I don’t know, we came home from work and we
found you.
You did seem a little loopy when you showed up
at the lab.
She’s kidding.
How could you lose that?
Well, it’s not across the hall.
But, boy, it is funny to think about.
Relax. I know when you go for a run, you
stop for a donut.
Ask him.
You understood the math?
That’s just great.
I honestly don’t remember.
So Howard back Monday?
Hey. Want to join us?
So, Sheldon says you have a new girlfriend.
Hey, we’re all having dinner tonight. Why don’t the two
of you join us?
Don’t you have any friends he can date?
Hey.
Is that it?
No, it’s always him.
So, Rebecca, how did you become a personal trainer?
Nice try. I’m not going.
Mm, just down there.
And we lived happily ever after.
O-o-o-o-oh.
That’s actually funny.
Oh, hello. Join us.
Wow, that’s a big step.
Is that Bert?
If you’re that upset, go get her back.
You called on him.
You don’t have to go. You’re welcome to hang with
us.
It’s totally different. Bert’s money might run out, but I
can beg until the end of time.
We’re pinned down.
Sheldon, why are you jumping up and down?
Aw.
Doing it right now. Oh, they can’t. There’s an important
Little League game tomorrow.
Mm, if it makes you feel better, you still dress
like a child.
Hot dogs.
You’re gonna have to be more specific.
More.
Oh, the video game. Yeah, that was bad.
How is super-aging any different than, like, doing crossword puzzles?
I drive you to work every day, my brain must
look like the Hulk.
Yeah, I guess.
Honestly? It’s a little strange having dinner with your ex-boyfriend,
and it’s not like we have a lot to talk
about.
It’ll be fine, let’s just go.
Aaargh.
Ha, I knew you weren’t asleep.
I have Sheldon, that keeps most people away.
Oh, I know what he’s saying, and he’s not, he’s
not funny.
She’s doing amazing. She can actually make a side effect,
like 10% chance of liver failure, sound like a 90%
chance of liver success.
Yeah. Although, when he was trying to figure out the
tip, I’m pretty sure I saw smoke coming out of
his ears. You’re not really considering working for him, are
you?
Don’t you think it might be a little weird to
work for someone you used to date?
Yeah, it’s weird.
No, no, I’m not jealous, I just think you have
got a good thing going where you are right now,
and you make great money and you haven’t slept with
any of your co-workers.
Uh.
Of course I don’t want you to be unhappy, but
I also want you to be smart, and working for
an ex-boyfriend isn’t very smart. You don’t have to stop,
just slow down, I’ll jump out.
No, I told her she was being not smart. Which
was dumb.
We covered this, I’m dumb.
So you think it’s fine if she works for Zack?
Yeah, but she also used to sleep with Zack.
Thank you.
So you think it’s okay?
Hi.
That doesn’t seem to be where I shine. How about
I just give you one of these?
Yeah, sorry.
Well, thanks. And I don’t want you to be stuck
at a job you don’t like.
Well, I don’t love it, but if you really want
to take this job, I’ll find a way to deal
with it.
No, no, no, no, you’re, you’re unhappy there and then
you’re gonna blame me for making you stay, and it’s
fine, I’ll just, I’ll suck it up.
Yeah, see, now I feel terrible, like I’m being selfish
and holding you back. What? Say something. Yeah, that is
pretty annoying.
Absolutely. I just want you to be happy. And maybe
a little turned on about how selfless I’m being.
Not if I want to be doing this later.
Thank you.
Hey, a toast. Thank you all for your support while
we worked on our Air Force project. And please know
that we could not have done it without you, so
cheers.
First thing tomorrow morning, we’re back at it.
Hmm. I don’t care if this thing is burning out
my retinas, it makes me feel special. Now, before we
field test, I think we…
Where is everything?
It’s a secure lab in a classified facility, only the
U.S. government and us.
Sir, I, I, I’m sorry but I just don’t get
it. You came into our lab in the middle of
the night and took our prototype and all of our
research and didn’t even tell us?
Are you implementing phase two?
I can’t believe the Air Force would treat us like
that.
Third floor, wrong apartment.
She might disappear, but she’s definitely not cleaning anything.
You won’t believe it, the military confiscated our project.
Yeah, what’s going on with you guys?
Oh, no. When?
So, are you excited to have your own place again?
Ah, we’ll miss you, too.
I’m trying. This is the best I can do. What
are you doing?
Uh, could I talk to you in the hall for
a sec?
Sheldon, you’re being silly.
Do you really care about that last one?
Instead of dwelling on the negative, think about this. Your
girlfriend was given an amazing opportunity, which gives you an
opportunity to show her that you’re a loving and supportive
boyfriend.
All right, let me start again. Uh, you and Amy…
Thank you.
Should we give them their privacy?
Well, the last three nights I’ve had to take him
to get a haircut, to the train store, and to
a Walgreens in Arcadia where they still have the good
ibuprofen. Now ask me how I’m doing with Amy gone.
Shut up.
Oh, that would be great.
Great. Tonight he wants to look at ladders at Home
Depot.
He doesn’t; he just likes looking at them. Bring a
book.
Hello.
Oh. I love those.
Wait, isn’t she the grad student that used to follow
him around?
Knowing Sheldon, nothing.
He just made her laugh, something’s wrong.
Ah, did you see that? She just touched his hand
and he didn’t swat it away. What is happening?
Penny laid into me, too. Apparently, I’m overly fixated on
premium Swiss chocolate bars.
If I take a Lactaid a half-hour before and some
Pepto right after.
Eh, I’m worth it.
Like what?
No offence, Stuart, but the woman’s a doctor.
You kept walking. I think you did.
Yeah, she’s definitely going after Sheldon.
Hi.
And you actually got in a pool?
Uh, so, Ramona, tell us about yourself. Do you, do
you have a boyfriend?
You think you should call Amy?
You got feet and legs, you do it.
Our pleasure.
