Thanks for the lift.
I'm having my windows untinted.
Got a hot girlfriend now. I want the haters to
know.
Wow. How's that Hater-Ade taste, bro? Hey, this isn't the
way to work.
I thought Stuart was looking after her.
How so?
Like us?
She feeds him out of her own mouth?
So are you worried because he's replacing you as a
son or are you worried because he's becoming her lover?
Okay, okay. Although many older women lead vibrant, active…
I'd like to back you up, but it sounds like
it was pretty precious.
It wouldn't kill you to pick up the phone.
That is weird. I thought he was, like, 45.
I don't know. I mean, she's lonely. He needs a
place to stay. I doubt there's any funny business going
on. And even if there was, who cares? They're both
adults.
You know what? You're my best friend, and she's in
a bad marriage. I give you my blessing.
‘Cause that's what little matzo balls do.
This is the part where you talk.
Hey.
Hey, as long as the baby's healthy.
But half-man, half-owl could fly…
So, I've been trying to come up with a cute
couple's nickname for me and Emily. What do you like
better? Emippali or Koothrapemily?
Oh, well, her last name is Sweeney, and something just
didn't seem right about Koothrapeeney.
I don't understand. Why is it bad that you have
to teach?
You enjoy giving people grades.
Hey, Sheldon, I'm sorry.
Aw, you brought cookies for everyone?
What's wrong with you?
Ask why not again, I've got an answer.
Is that right?
250 million years.
Why didn't girls like us in high school?
You suck, Wolowitz.
I'm heckling you. It's a beloved part of baseball.
You look like a jackass.
So you never played baseball as a kid, not even
Little League?
Come on Howard, fire it in.
Yup.
Is it too late for him to cancel?
Mmm, I love how they put a waterfall at centre
field. It really ties the whole stadium together.
Hey, guys.
We still on for tomorrow night?
Why would I lose friends just because I started dating
someone?
You guys kiss and hold hands.
Look, I'm not the kind of guy who drops his
friends just because he's in a relationship.
Well, hey, you're my dear friends. You'll get a Christmas
card for a couple of years, and then you're dead
to me.
Hey, guys.
Emily, you know almost everybody here.
And this is Leonard, this is Penny.
I told you she exists.
You know, he might not reopen. He didn't get a
lot of money from the insurance company.
So, we'd be, like, owners of a comic book store?
Ooh, maybe we could come up with a business plan
to compete with this place.
Ooh, what if we got a van and drove around
and picked kids up?
We are now.
Um, well, in my defence, I tell everybody.
We were having a conversation about past lovers.
Well, we were being honest. You would leave me out
of the conversation with the next guy if you dumped
Leonard?
Well, I would never leave you off my list, and
not just because, without you, we're playing fast and loose
with the word list.
Great.
You, okay? It's you. You're, you're next.
Hey.
Thanks for inviting us over.
Excuse me, can I say something? I just love both
you guys, and I want you to get along. And
when I say love I meant as a friend. And,
uh, way too soon, right?
It was, and I may have made it seem like
a bigger deal than I should have.
It's true, you're both gorgeous. Kind of says something about
the man who could bed you both. You get why
I've been alone most of my adult life.
I'm so glad we could work this all out.
Great.
I'm really disappointed we're not gonna have our own comic
book store.
And snacks.
Hey, I read that someone invented a way to convert
your footsteps into electromagnetic energy so you can charge your
cell phone while walking.
Easy. Sleeping with Penny.
Tricking Penny into getting engaged.
Ooh, we could have one of those retreats.
We could go up to Big Bear and get a
house on the lake.
Nothing bad happens in The Lake House.
Hey.
Why not?
For your information, Emily is working tonight.
Ooh, this is exciting. We're innovating. I feel like we're
in the Facebook movie.
Oh. It's wonderful, and I swear I'm not saying that
because Justin Timberlake is in it.
Cool. I'll make the popcorn.
Boy, when you met Bernadette, the field of robotics really
took a hit.
Hey, the future they show in Back to the Future
II is only a year away. A lot of the
things in that movie haven't been invented yet.
Oh, I have an idea.
I'll make the popcorn.
He's right. Also, what kind of name is Biff? Sounds
like when you pop open a can of Pillsbury dough.
Biff.
Do you know if you look at Austria on a
map it actually looks like a wiener?
Plus, this is where our minds are conditioned to focus
on work.
Go online and look it up.
That's nothing, dude. Go check out how hung Florida is.
That cannot be true.
Hey, it was match point.
Not getting to see who wins at pigeon ping-pong comes
to mind.
And I really can't let that happen or the girl
who does my eyebrows will think I've been cheating on
her.
Ooh, that is a lot of hair. Ow. And now
I'm gonna hear it from Jenny.
No way. Not Bill Murray.
Huh. Bill Murray did get it wrong.
Yeah, sorry for clicking on that.
Ghostbusters!
You know, the government funded the biggest experiment yet to
detect dark matter.
You know, Sheldon, if we apply to be one of
those teams, we could be on the ground floor of
something big, not just for theoretical physics but for astrophysics
as well.
Yup.
Hey, Sheldon, you busy?
Don't they lay eggs on a rock?
So, I did a little research on what the conditions
are like in the mines, and the guys might be
right, sounds pretty rough down there. For starters, it's very
humid, and about a hundred degrees.
It's also a live mine, so there'll be dynamite explosions
going off in the distance.
Oh, you have to be down there for 12 hours
at a time.
Well, there's no toilets, we'll have to do our business
in a bucket.
Look, I get it, but before we pass up on
an incredible opportunity, I was thinking about when Howard was
training to go to space, they put him in a
simulated environment.
Exactly.
So where should we do it?
Uh, Sheldon…
Huh. All this time I never knew there were steam
tunnels down here.
Did you get in?
This is gonna be so much more accurate than the
steam room at the gym.
Or totally naked. I love Howard, but the dude needs
a little shame.
We're going to be fine.
I'm sweating already.
How hot is it?
Well, that's what we wanted. This is as hot as
the mines will be.
How you feeling?
Let's set up the equipment. It'll help take your mind
off of it.
Do you know any mining songs?
That's pretty.
It's a little more bleak than I thought.
Getting kind of grim.
Okay. How 'bout a little Miley Cyrus next?
So, as Hannah Montana, Miley was a world-famous pop star.
But then she would take off her wig and go
to school like a normal girl. Which, I don't have
to tell you, at that age, is its own headache.
But you're okay with Superman concealing his identity with a
pair of glasses?
We should have asked her to get some Funyuns.
What if we brought them down with us?
Have her get season two. Season one, it was still
finding itself.
Oh, this heat is brutal.
Huh. That does explain why the servants used to look
so hot while they were fanning me. Let's get our
minds off how uncomfortable we are. We could take some
more simulated instrument readings.
How's that going?
Sheldon, if this is too much, we can stop.
You don't have to bite my head off.
If you would just use the bucket, you'd be so
much more comfortable.
Oh. Is it Amy?
Sheldon, you know what I think of when I'm scared?
Voyager.
The space probe.
By the time I was born, Voyager 1's mission was
supposed to be over. It had seen Jupiter and Saturn
and all their moons, but it kept going. When I
left India for America, I was never more scared in
my life. I had no idea what lay ahead. Whenever
I feel that way, I think about how Voyager is
still out there somewhere beyond our solar system, going further
than anyone ever thought it could. Don't leave. You can
do this.
They're in my shirt. They're in my shirt. They're in
my shirt.
You call yourself a friend? I was trying to help
you, and at the first sign of trouble you ran
away, leaving me to fend off a family of rats.
You're a completely selfish human being and a, and a
physical and a moral coward.
Really?
Oh, cool.
Wow.
Ooh.
I would love to see your collection.
Preach.
Well, that didn't go your way.
Hey, we're going to Oliver's house to see his collection.
You want to go with us?
The gun from Hellboy?
How did you get it?
Oh, I was hoping for a juicy tidbit about Ron
Perlman's testicles.
Yeah, I'm not quite sure how to respond.
You think he bites?
You fooled me with that goat at the petting zoo.
You will not fool me again.
Maybe he's playing bingo with his mommy.
Okay, now you're messing with me.
One ladder left.
It doesn't bug you when they go out on dates?
And then went back to the home they share where
they probably fell asleep in the matching pajamas she got
them because they both just love penguins.
Like who?
Hey.
Oh, yeah, I got that Evite. Ever since I saw
Pretty in Pink, I've wanted to go to an American
prom. But then I saw Carrie, and I did not
want to go to an American prom. But then I
saw Never Been Kissed, and I'm back on the prom
bandwagon. This prom thing's been a real roller coaster.
Did you go to your prom?
How come you're not shopping with Amy and Bernadette?
That sounds like a yes.
Ooh, I'll, uh, text Stuart, let him know we're close.
Hey, here comes Stuart and his date.
That's Howard's cousin that he had sex with.
It was our first date, there was an awkward silence.
What was I supposed to say?
Is this what I sound like when I talk about
India?
This is so messed up.
Okay. Here we go, say cheese. Iskip) Say cheese. Iskip)
Say cousin. Iskip) Say…
Oh, so, my, uh, parents' 40 th anniversary's coming up
and I can't think of a thing to get them.
Anyway, any ideas on a gift?
They used to like going to the Mumbai Symphony, but
last year my mom thought they were phoning it in.
Then my dad said based on their love life, she
should know about phoning it in.
Well, they weren't speaking at the time, so he had
a servant say it to her. Oh, maybe I could
make a gift for them. I know how much you
guys love the coasters I made for you.
Yes. Okay. I, I understand. Of course, yes. I'll call
you tomorrow. Bye.
Dude, my parents just split up.
Uh, that was my dad on the phone. He moved
out.
No, it's fine. It's not that big a deal. As
long as they're happy, I'm happy. And when I get
to see them for the holidays, I'll get to celebrate
Diwali twice, one at each house. That's double the Diwali.
I'm okay.
How can I be okay? I come from a broken
home.
Hey. What brings you by?
I'm sorry. This is very sweet. Thanks.
Better. I guess the news just hit me a lot
harder than I expected.
I think, over time, they started to resent each other,
and instead of talking about the things that bothered them,
they kept it bottled up, and the hate just grew.
Hey, guys. Sorry I am so late. I was on
the phone with my mother.
Pretty good. She bought the book Eat, Pray, Love and
used it to set my father's Mercedes on fire. So,
what's up with you guys?
Oh, like you and I did at couples therapy.
You know, I thought cleaning out a dead professor's office
was gonna just be boring, but then I found his
dentures and realized it's also gross.
That's rough.
I don't know. This old pen kind of proves gravity.
When I tilt it, her bathing suit falls right off.
Poor Roger Abbott.
Roger Abbott, Roger Abbott, Roger Abbott. Oh, my God, Leonard,
I know he's dead, but try it. It's fun. Roger
Abbott, Roger Abbott.
When stuff like this gets me down, you know what
I like to do?
Wrong, smarty-pants. It's Everything Is Awesome from The Lego Movie.
Maybe he didn't know what to pair champagne with. Strawberries,
caviar, oysters. All good choices. Yeah, that look right there
is why people eat before they come to your parties.
Or we could talk to this guy he used to
share an office with.
The doorman said this is the right building.
I was thinking it might be some sort of interstellar
coordinate system, maybe an updated version of Hubble's law. I
keep seeing the number 90 repeating. That could be the
angle of perturbation of a distant galaxy.
Does it work?
Well, he could have been hit by a bus. You
don't know.
You were his colleague. How did your research turn out?
Great. Hey, this is the apartment you get when you
win a Nobel.
Well, you could be very frugal. I'm getting a little
tired of everybody's sarcasm.
And we still don't know who framed him.
Yeah, me, too.
Oh, well, that's the best part.
Not great. They hired divorce attorneys.
Anyway, Dad's gonna be here in town, so I won't
be able to do Christmas dinner this year.
That would be nice.
Amy, good luck getting these guys excited about a dinner
with a theme. I gave up when no one cared
about my Tom Hanks-giving.
You guys suck.
Can we please talk about anything else?
Dad.
Hey, Leonard. What's up? What? How did that happen? Yeah,
okay. I'll be there as soon as I can. Sorry.
I have to run to the university.
There's been a problem with an experiment. A bird got
into the clean room.
Uh, no. You had a long flight. You stay here
and relax.
Yup. Bye.
Hey, what's going on?
Should have put it in the bag first.
Hey.
Okay.
Actually.
All I'm gonna say is you guys need to stop
this right now. It. it's bad enough that my parents
are fighting, now I have to hear the two of
you? And who cares who's smarter? If it's Leonard or
me or, you know, it's Christmas, let's say it's Howard.
No, you're the one who let him in.
Come on.
Uh, you have to take the pin out.
What did you do?
Dude, it's not breathing.
What do you mean, not again?
I'll do it.
Don't blow too hard. If you pop him, I will
vomit.
It's a Christmas miracle.
Someone should really close that loading door.
Well, that's that. The room's compromised. They'll have to change
all the filters, probably shut it down for weeks.
Yeah, just leave me out of it. You know if
they come here and see crap everywhere, they're just gonna
blame the Indian guy.
Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way. Oh, what
fun it is to ride in a one-horse open sleigh,
hey.
Mmm. Amy, that pudding was delicious.
If you people think this is better than Tom Hanks-giving,
you're all crazy.
Oh, my God, oh, my God, oh, my God.
I can't take it, dude.
No, I'm not okay. I feel like I'm gonna jump
out of my skin.
I'm worried about the New Horizons space probe.
We hope. The signal has to travel over three billion
miles. So it's gonna be hours before we know if
it even survived.
Space ice is no joke. I can't even watch Frozen
anymore.
Oh, another two hours to go. The wait is killing
me.
Before you finish, is this a story about patience and
waiting or just another reminder that you went to space?
Ugh, I feel like I'm gonna have a heart attack.
I can't stop thinking about it.
I know.
Okay. If I make this shot in the trash can,
the probe will have arrived in perfect working order.
Yes.
I didn't crash it, okay? My playlist was too up-tempo,
I got light-headed and I fell off. Okay. It all
comes down to this.
What kind of scientist are you? Everyone knows you got
to make two out of three.
Hey, uh, thanks for keeping me company.
If it's okay with you, I'd like to go to
temple.
I meant a Hindu temple.
Dude, that movie's an imperialist fantasy that makes the followers
of a beautiful and peaceful religion look like a bunch
of bloodthirsty barbarians.
Yeah, it's pretty great.
Why?
Religion is a very personal thing. I do go to
temple, I just, I don't talk about it.
So?
That is so offensive. Does everything you know about Hinduism
come from Indiana Jones?
Well, lots of scientists believe in God. Okay? Newton, uh,
Faraday, uh, Pascal, all were believers. Even Einstein was famous
for attacking quantum theory on the grounds that God does
not play dice with the universe.
Actually there's no proof of that.
You see behind the fountain, that tower that looks like
a pyramid? It's called a Sikhara. It symbolizes the, the
connection between the human and the divine.
All right. Shall we?
Like what?
Really? So every other place you've been, you thought this
was fine?
Sorry. You're right. I'm so stressed. But you know what,
whenever I walk into that temple I realize that whatever
happens, it's okay. We're all part of an immense pattern,
and though we can't understand it, we can be happy
to know that it's, it's working its will through us.
Whether you call it God or the universe or the
self, we're all interconnected, and that's just a beautiful… Son
of a bitch, that guy just dinged my car. S,
seriously? You were just gonna drive away? Like my life
isn't hard enough right now. A space probe might be
destroyed, my parents are going through an awful divorce, the
guy who cuts my dog's hair just gave her bangs.
You saw her. She looks like Jim Carrey from Dumb
and Dumber.
Oh, good. Namaste, Grandpa.
Go ahead, make fun. You can't embarrass me, I've got
a beautiful girlfriend and a dog who loves me so
much she drinks my bathwater.
I may not be liking this game so much.
You know, a man can care deeply about a woman
and a pet. It's not strange.
All right, guys, what game do you want to play?
You know what? I think it's a little weird that
you remember me saying all these things. Maybe the truth
is, you're jealous of all my relationships.
And you think that's going to help?
I don't think that's what you want at all.
Come on.
Thank you. ‘Cause if she ever found out, it would
hurt her feelings.
Yes, Emily. Whatever. Where's Sheldon?
Wow, if he cracks that it's a game changer, guys.
It'll completely redefine our understanding of the physical universe.
Hey, guys. Mind if Emily joins us for lunch?
Just dandy, Mr I-Wish-I-Was-Better-At-Improv.
What does it say?
Did he respond yet?
I've, uh, created some other user accounts so I can
post positive comments about their paper.
No. You have to read it how Dr. Angus McDougal
of the University of Edinburgh would. This wee li'l bairn
of a theory nearly blew me kilt off.
Guys, this person's just going out of their way to
get a rise out of you.
Yeah, well, all the other comments said really nice things.
Focus on those.
See? Better with the accent.
Come on, Sheldon!
I'm so sick of people being mean on the Internet.
You know what? At least you guys did something. You
know, you, you had a theory, you wrote a paper,
you made an actual contribution. All guys like this do
is just stand on other people's work.
Yeah, you keep setting me up for failure.
Our pleasure.
Yeah, you should have burned it down years ago.
Smart, looks like we're being helpful.
Dude, I, I think that's Nathan Fillion.
And he's picking the tomatoes out of his salad just
like I do. I always did feel a connection with
him. Oh, I have got an idea.
No, if we got Captain Reynolds from Firefly to do
a signing at Stuart's store, that would be amazing.
So should we go talk to him?
What? The, the guy who plays Jon Snow was a
jerk. We still watch Game of Thrones.
I was distracted. It's weird seeing a member of the
Night's Watch with a kayak strapped to his car. Come
on. Hi, excuse me, s, sorry, I, I don't mean
to bother you, but we're just really big fans of
Firefly. And Dr. Horrible.
Don't say that. I mean, you're not Dame Judi Dench,
but you're pretty great.
Don't know why he's so grumpy. I got mistaken for
that guy in Life of Pi once, and I'm still
floating.
Thanks.
Are you sure you're not him? Uh, you can tell
us. We're scientists, not crazy fanboys.
And you're eating alone at a deli. I don't buy
it, you're not him.
Great.
Wait, hang on. If you're really Nathan Fillion, what's the
line from Firefly about your bonnet?
Although, I knew the line, doesn't make me Nathan Fillion.
I want a picture with Nathan Fillion.
Ah, it's good enough for Facebook.
That's what I said when we moved it.
No, Stuart picked out those throw pillows all on his
own.
What can we do?
Okay, thanks, Bernadette. Travel safe. Okay, bye. Well, they've booked
a flight. They're heading to the airport now.
He's hanging in there.
Yeah. Mrs. Wolowitz was pretty special. When I first moved
to America, Howard was my only friend and she made
me feel so welcome in her home. Which says a
lot, because, those first few years, she thought I was
the gardener.
Yeah, I, I, I saw that article you're talking about.
Uh, the participants ask each other a series of questions
designed to promote intimacy.
What? I don't need science to win her heart. I
have my family's wealth for that.
Why don't you just do the test?
Yeah, but what if the experiment works?
You guys are really being calm about Penny and Sheldon
doing this thing. If it were me I'd, I'd be
a little nervous.
Well, even if the study's nonsense, I don't believe in
tempting fate. Same reason I wouldn't use a Ouija board,
or pick a fight with an Asian guy. He probably
doesn't know karate, but why risk it?
Well, that's what the bullies at Bruce Lee's high school
thought. And then, bam. Karate.
Hang on. Okay. Given the choice of anyone in the
world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?
Ooh, uh, Emily gets off work soon. Why don't the
four of us go out?
I don't know what time their plane gets in, but
let me, let me shoot them a text.
Not much, but he seemed to be in a pretty
good place.
So, what do you guys want to do?
Oh, so kind of like what's happening with Penny right
now.
Uh, wasn't there supposed to be a zombie?
Ooh. Okay, let's hope one of the clues is written
on a pair of clean underwear.
Okay, we've got the cipher decoded.
Uh, Origin of Species.
Oh, okay. Uh, brothers and sisters I have none, but
this man's father is my father's son. Who am I
looking at? Yeah, yeah, we get it, you want brains.
Calm down.
It's like when you bought that remote-controlled helicopter, and it
just flew away.
SURPRISE!
So, where's your roommate tonight?
But remember our agreement? You can joke about murdering people,
but you have to say just kidding.
That's okay. I can come back later.
Okay, cool. Oh, and you're sure your roommate's not gonna
come back while I'm here alone, right? ‘Cause that'll be
awkward.
Oh, good.
Oh, Emily ran back to the hospital, so I'm just
hanging out at her place. What are you, uh, what
are you doing?
What are you, a little kid? Is she gonna cut
your dinner into little pieces, too?
So, uh, what game are you… Oh. Crap.
I can't get Emily's night-stand to close.
She's gonna know I was looking in it.
Well, there's a question I better have a good answer
to before she gets back.
Hang on. Oh no. Oh, no. Oh, God, no.
Dude, the whole front came off. Now she's gonna know
I was snooping.
Hang on.
With what?
She does.
Did that feel good? You feel like a big man
now?
This looks terrible. She, she's gonna know.
Okay, where should I put them?
You're not helping.
You know, it, it's bad enough that I have to
deal with this…
Oh, no. Hey.
How was the hospital?
Uh w, well, okay, look, I, I don't want to
lie to you. I got curious, I was looking around
and I broke the drawer on your night stand.
Yeah.
You've never snooped around my apartment?
Come on, think back. It would really help if you
had.
Thank you for forgiving me.
Well, it almost happened when you called my apple pie
crust doughy, but the truth is you were right, and
I was just angry at myself.
Of course. What?
No. Just the drawer.
I promise. Why, what's in there?
Of course. I know what it's like having to go
through a loved one's possessions. My uncle was a worshipper
of Krishna. But after he died, you know what we
found? A statue of Shiva. It may not be Crips
and Bloods, okay? But in India, it's a thing.
It's nice of you to let him keep staying at
your mom's house.
Everything okay?
You don't want to do that. Refreezing not only removes
moisture, but it creates ice crystals in the fibres of
the meat that can compromise its taste and texture. What?
I saw a teachable moment. I dropped some culinary science.
Me, too. Oh, look, we've got enough ketchup to cover
every ounce of it.
Okay, I'll start heating some of this stuff up.
Okay, so we've got, um, three briskets, four meatloafs, one
lasagna.
One Jewish lasagna, two pound cakes that are about eight
pounds each, and one giant container of matzoh ball soup.
You got it.
I'm not making any promises.
Mm, and not a vegetable in sight.
I would like to propose a salon topic.
The lead in The Hunger Games is a woman. Marvel
has made Tor a female.
You know, Tor, the God of Tunder. As I was
saying, is this a sign that our society is approaching
gender equality?
No, not at all.
So glad you two are done fighting.
Yay.
Yay.
Hey, Penny, can you give me a hand with this?
Oh, yeah? I love Ping-Pong.
You could play Ping-Pong for it.
Dude, three-time Sanskriti School for Well-Born Boys badminton champion.
What?
We are. We are. Oh, no. What a terrible serve.
Sorry, brother.
So did I.
Uh, yeah, I mean, her serve was pretty good.
Okay, uh, I'm gonna own you, bitch.
Let's just play.
What, and that's not offensive? Where's the line?
You're wrong.
Yes, you are.
The guy who invented it says it's jif.
Hey, I got you a little gift.
You know me. I'm from India. I can't resist children
begging. So, how's it going with the title to the
house?
Wow, so you're not curious at all?
Hmm. What if he's in prison? What if he's a
spy? What if he's in a Beatles cover band? I'm
just saying, if he's got your nose and haircut, he'd
make a killer Ringo.
So, Bernadette, have you thought about how you're going to
redecorate this place?
You know, if you knocked out this wall, it would
give you an open floor plan, and then, it's a
little scary, but could be fun, indoor fire pit.
Enough chitchat. How do we know you are who you
say you are?
Okay, you got me there. You here looking for money?
A kidney, cornea, piece of his liver?
You're in a Beatles cover band and you need Howard
to replace your dad as Ringo.
Okay, but something smells fishy. And not just because you
work around sea animals. That actually sounds interesting, and I'd
like to learn more about it. Hey, you okay?
I get it. What do you want to do?
All right, I've got your back.
Listen, dude, it's time for you to hit the road.
But technically, yes.
Hey.
You guys know the new Discovery class missions that NASA's
been working on?
Well, they're looking to include a message from Earth in
case one of them is encountered by alien life.
Anyway, I'm among a handful of scientists that have been
asked to submit a design proposal for the message and
its delivery system.
And I was wondering if any of you guys would
like to help me do it.
Exactly what I expected. Two people forcing their ideas on
me and only one gentleman who could be bothered to
ask me what my thoughts were. You two are out.
Congratulations, Leonard, you're on the team.
Hey. Thanks for coming by.
I would have included the others, but you know exactly
what would've happened. They would've taken over the project and
bossed us around.
You should have told him to mind his own business.
What makes them think they're always in charge of everything?
Huh, what does that make us?
Okay, that sounds good.
Okay, that sounds like us.
I don't know. How do you want to start?
No. We can do this by ourselves.
I don't know. How do you want to start?
Okay, so we know that previous attempts to send a
message into space, like the Golden Record on Voyager, were
heavily criticized.
Eh. Although, to be fair, I watched E.T. build a
telephone out of a Speak & Spell and an umbrella.
Dude was like a little brown MacGyver.
Well, my feelings were real when he was about to
die.
And he's all white.
And Gertie can't stop crying.
Okay, let's talk about something else.
And doesn't require outside machinery to be built to access
it.
Like when my dog is mad at me, she tells
me by peeing in my slippers.
Bees talk to each other by dancing. Whales have their
songs.
Okay, so, what it sounds like is, what we want
is a device that can deliver a message through not
only sight, but other senses, as well.
Ooh. Ooh, ooh. We could make a video-playing device that
simultaneously translates the information into a tactile medium.
We, we can totally do that.
This is great.
What?
Well, thank you for peeing in my slippers.
Look, I know you guys are upset, but we've talked
about it, and we think it'd be beneficial for you
to be part of the project.
Look, we admit it. The idea that you guys came
up with was really good, and I'd love your help.
It wasn't, so are you in?
Okay, I think we should do it right now.
Okay.
So, I'd like to try a technique where no one
gets steamrolled. When you talk, instead of bringing up a
new idea, respect what was just said by building on
it.
Hang on. Building on what Leonard said, no one built
on what I said.
Yeah, you're missing the point, Sheldon.
Well, I think we should show what earthlings look like.
Well, maybe there's a way to appear non-aggressive, but also
be able to protect ourselves if necessary. Like smiling and
waving with one hand, but the other hand holding the
severed head of a tiger.
Oh, you mean passive-aggressive like posting pictures of you and
your wife eating cosmopolitan balls that you know belong in
my mouth?
Look, I'm sorry I hurt your feelings, but you do
have strong personalities and always end up taking over.
Yeah. Like when you took Sheldon to Texas and showed
him all around NASA, you didn't even think to ask
me and Leonard.
He's right. If you think about it, we're all in
charge.
It's, like, the best one they make, I just can't
get it to work.
It streams HD video straight to your phone while it's
flying.
Look, the problem with commencement speeches is that they're boring.
Ooh, do you own a T-shirt cannon?
I don't know. Why do I own one?
Mm. Hello, Daddy. What's up?
Very well, thank you.
If you could feel how soft my skin is, you
wouldn't have to ask.
Oh, you're where that bill goes.
No, Daddy, no. There are lots of other ways to
teach me responsibility. I know, you can give me an
egg and make me take care of it for a
week.
But, Daddy, I, I miss my family so much, and
with you and Mummy getting a divorce, I feel sad
and empty. Buying a little toy every now and then
helps me fill that void. So while I can't hug
you every day, flying that helicopter…
Just to be clear, financially or mid-sentence?
Hey, guys.
I have to return the helicopter. My father… What did
you do?
I don't freaking believe this.
No, you have to put this back together right now,
so I can return it.
What?
Howard, my father cut me off. I have to get
my money back for this.
Okay. Okay, you're right. It's time for me to step
up and take responsibility for my life. Be a man.
(On phone) Hello, Mummy.
Well, I've been thinking about you. How are you doing?
Are you happy, Mummy?
Well, I like to think I take mostly after you.
Anyway, speaking of Daddy, I had a very strange conversation
with him. He said he couldn't afford to send me
money any more because of his active social life.
Well, let's not talk about him or whatever shenanigans he
may or may not be up to. Let's talk about
you.
All I know, Mummy, is that he's a single wealthy
doctor, and now, for some reason, there's no money for
your little boy.
Thank you, Mummy, I love you. Helicopters for everybody.
What's the first one?
You guys don't have to go to the trouble. I'm
back in the money now, I can just buy another
helicopter.
Not cool.
What a baby.
Check.
Four, three, two, one.
It's my father, you jerks. Hello, Daddy.
Nothing. I was just calling to check in, make sure
she's doing okay.
Really? I don't know where she'd get an idea like
that. You know Mummy and her crazy imagination I'm so
lucky I take after you.
Well, I try to. I certainly wouldn't be a scientist
if you hadn't been my role model. (Re-entering apartment) Who
wants to go to Vegas in a real helicopter?
How'd you do that?
We haven't had a good invisible man in a while.
Hey, I don't even live here.
I do. And some of it's wool, so dry flat
if possible.
How old is this Jell-O?
Yeah, maybe it's a good thing if she stops babying
you so much.
Face it, dude, Bernadette treats you the same way your
mother used to, and that was not a healthy relationship.
Looks good.
It's the hard-knock life for us, it's the hard-knock life
for us. ‘Stead of treated, we get tricked, ‘stead of
kisses, we get kicked, it's the hard-knock life. Got no
folks to speak of so it's the hard-knock row we
hoe, cotton blankets ‘stead of wool, empty bellies ‘stead of
full, it's a hard-knock life.
Ooh. Hot date?
You're kidding, right?
I guess I'm just more of a Pottery Barn, Crate
and Barrel kind of guy. Maybe Pier 1 if I
really want to cut loose.
No, no, no. Hey, you should totally get it. In
fact, I'll buy it for you.
You guys ever notice that Emily has a bit of
a twisted side?
No, because she wants to have sex with me in
a graveyard.
She and I were supposed to watch the new Avengers
movie tonight, but it was sold out. So I said,
what else do you want to do? She said, let's
go to a cemetery and do it on somebody's grave.
What difference does it make?
Well, what if it's one consenting adult and one adult
who pretends to consent because he's afraid of being alone?
I don't know, guys. Maybe this relationship isn't for me.
Maybe I should break up with her.
You guys are being jerks.
You're one to talk. You've been complaining about Stuart living
here for the past year. I don't see you showing
him the door.
Baloney, okay? You two are as afraid of hurting someone's
feelings as I am.
Oh, yes, we've got the moon and the trees and
Elizabeth McNulty, who apparently died when she was the same
age I am.
So does enjoying a meal at a well-lit restaurant, but
here we are.
Of ghosts, no. Of you, little bit.
I think we should talk.
Look, I care about you a lot, but we are
very different people.
No, no, I'm just pointing out that you're dark on
the inside and I'm dark on the outside.
End things? I'm trying to tell you that I love
you.
