It is funny when you think about it.
Oh, I'll get it.
Hello.
Howard Wolowitz?
Address?
Um, no.
May I ask what this is about?
Very well.
Okay.
That's not him.
What are you talking about? They've always known where you
live.
Can we take a moment to discuss that I just
lied to the government for you?
Hey, make sure you tell him that you weren't home
when he came by and that your Indian friend gave
you the message the moment you stepped through the door.
Oh, I take it back, don't mention me.
That's what he said to me.
Calm down, okay? Try not to think about it.
You know that hurts my feelings.
Okay.
Oh, come on. What's the worst that could come of
this meeting?
Okay, that's not so bad. You know what happened to
the scientists that worked on the Manhattan Project? The government
forced them to move to the desert. They had to
live in secret, and when Oppenheimer objected to what they
made him do, they destroyed his reputation.
I just read a book about Oppenheimer, seemed like a
chance to show off. There he is, there's my happy
Hebraic homeboy. Yeah, that's the smile I'm gonna remember when
you're living in the desert and I'm living with your
wife.
Yeah. This military guy showed up at Howard's door. He
was terrifying.
He gave me his business card and asked me to
please pass it along to Howard.
To a white guy born here, no. If you are
a brown guy whose name has a lot of syllables
in it, terrifying.
Well, you're kidding, right?
Wail till I Snapchat that my friends might be working
on a top secret government project.
Fine, I'll put it on Facebook like a caveman.
Well, you must have someone in your family that's a
lawyer.
My cousin does work in a call centre.
Oh, I'm not on the patent. I'm just here because
there's a bumblebee in my office.
Is it even possible to get this done in two
months?
So, why did you guys even agree to the deadline?
And you just let him?
So I guess I won't be seeing you guys for
a while.
Wow. You're going off to work with the military, leaving
me behind. Now I know how all those army wives
feel.
And right here.
He is so afraid of his feelings.
Well, I didn't get to see you last night. It
was the least I could do.
So, what should we do today?
Well, I don't mind. Oh, you want go to the
mall and look at baby stuff?
Oh, come on, we could share a pretzel and get
sideways glances from racist old ladies.
Oh, I know, why don't we get started on clearing
out the baby's room?
You have to get to it eventually.
How can you be embarrassed around me? I'm gonna be
in the room with you when you give birth.
You didn't think I was gonna be in your kitchen
this morning, yet here I am.
Well, in The Sound of Music, Julie Andrews says let's
start at the very beginning, a very good place to
start.
Well, I think the first thing we should get rid
of is that tone.
Oh, that's a nice one. Was it yours when you
were little?
Wow, it's so cute.
Oh, and did they have kids?
Yeah, that's not worrisome at all.
I skipped spin class for this.
I think you were mean before you were pregnant, but
it's fine. So, uh, instead of cleaning out the room,
why don't we just decide on a theme for the
nursery?
Of course it does. Didn't your baby room have a
theme?
Oh. Mine was Winnie the Pooh. But anyway, why don't
we just take a step back and start with a
colour? Right? There are so many amazing ones. Red, blue,
green, purple.
Well, not now.
Okay, well, I'm just trying to help you.
Sorry. Sorry.
So where are we going?
Okay. How Thelma and Louise of us.
I'm sorry?
Well, crime-scene photos near your crib spring to mind.
Bernadette, come on, look, you're overthinking this, okay? You're gonna
be an amazing mom. Even if you don't believe it,
I know you have maternal instincts.
Happy and well-fed. You see, that's what I'm taking from
that story.
Uh, pull over.
Whoa, I'm calling my dad, okay? He's got experience dealing
with pregnant ladies because he's an OBGYN. And experience with
crazy ladies because of my mom.
What? No.
No.
This is my friend, Bernadette. She's pregnant, and she's a
bit worried, so I thought maybe you could talk to
her.
Well I don't.
I have to say, I am happy with your OBGYN.
I'm the son of a gynaecologist. I could be helpful.
The polite response is, thank you for noticing.
If you want, you can find out right now.
Well, somebody else knows because they saw it in the
folder.
It was an accident. The doctor left the folder out
on her desk. It's not my fault I opened it
and looked.
Flip a coin. You got a fifty-fifty shot.
What? This is not a problem, okay? If you don't
want to know, I don't have to tell you.
Okay, well, that's a problem.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello.
What time do you and Bernadette head out?
I've never been to Palm Springs.
I don't know. If I want to watch old people
sweat, I can just FaceTime my family in India.
Hmm. They must have left the tub on. Good thing
I stopped by. Ah. Aaaaah! What are you doing here?
Maybe Howard and Bernadette said I could be here.
Answer the question, what are you doing here?
Here you go.
Shall we toast?
So how's your apartment?
So why don't you get it fixed?
If you ever need somewhere to crash, there's always my
place.
Actually, I'm single now.
It's okay. It's by choice. Well, their choice, and it's
not okay.
Nobody does. I was embarrassed so I didn't say anything.
Yeah, yeah, a little.
I'm in a hot tub with you, so pretty bad.
I wonder if this is what it feels like to
be Bernadette's baby.
Well, it's getting late. Maybe we should head home.
You coming?
Why?
Yeah?
Wait till you see the crib we found.
Yeah, it's the highest rated one on the market. I
wouldn't even call it a crib, I'd call it a
Fortress of Solitude for babies.
Though if you did, it's more zeroes than you're expecting.
Though we did ding up the back pretty good with
the crib, so you might have bought a minivan.
Then again, he did think you were my husband.
Hey, show her the trunk. Show her the trunk.
No, it's a gentle kick, you're doing it wrong. Here.
Give me those.
Yes.
You have to admit, it's a pretty smooth ride.
Howard, Howard, look at the DVD screen. I put on
Batman
I've been babysitting him way longer than you have.
What fills my heart and makes my eyes moist? Sending
a flag up a pole on a hoist.
Fun with flags, fun with flags.
Fun with flags.
We don't get paid? Nothing? Not even a sandwich?
If we're all gonna die, why am I eating so
much kale?
Oh my God, that's who you look like.
Not me, I'm a hundred percent honest in all of
my relationships.
Eating cake on the toilet single.
I'm not really a part of this, so I'm just
gonna dig in.
Now that everything's out on the table, you, you think
you two will keep living together?
That would be amazing.
We can, but for the record, all chaps are assless.
Do you like living with her?
Oh, my God, I just got it. Fun onions, Funyuns.
Hold on. Is that a wobble? Yes. That's definitely a
gravitational wobble.
Oh, no, it's okay. I just found a wobble.
It's a gravitational wobble. It could be a sign of
an extrasolar planet that may contain life and someday be
named after me.
Yeah, but it's probably difficult to pronounce.
Rajesh Ramayan Koothrappali.
Good point. And you are?
Oh, well, nice to meet you.
Oh, please, show me a ten-year-old who knows to dip
Tootsie Rolls in Nutella.
Oh, please, allow me. That's a lot of empty calories.
You're welcome.
Okay.
Thank you. Good luck with your future endeavours.
Oh, no, that's mine.
Well, I can't eat like a ten-year-old all the time.
What? What are you talking about?
That's because you keep trying to stick pencils in it.
There's nothing to tell.
It's gross but I have to eat it because I
met somebody.
Isabella.
Yes, in the telescope room.
Yes, which is why she was in the telescope room.
Yes, this is all making sense. Good.
Mm-hmm.
No, no, this is brand new. We haven't even been
on a proper date yet.
Thank you.
This is fun. I have never cleaned a toilet before.
No, I grew up with a house full of servants
and now I have a cleaning lady who is a
lovely woman who I have great respect for.
Oh, good, because she also walks my dog, buys my
groceries and cuts my hair.
Uh, so forgive me, forgive me for being nosy, but
is, is there a wedding ring under those pretty rubber
gloves?
Oh, so, you are unencumbered?
I love kids, how old is he?
That's a cute age. They can do so many things.
That's wonderful. A lawyer, my sister's a lawyer. Look at
that, we have something in common.
Maybe there are other things we have in common. Come
dinnertime, do you enjoy eating food?
Yeah, sure. I understand. Yeah, I'm very busy, too.
I think you're very nice as well.
Oh, yes. Oh, okay. Uh, Good night. I don't know,
maybe it's the fumes from the urinal cakes, but I
feel like something is happening between us.
Okay. I'll leave. But just know, every time I come
in here, I'll be thinking of you.
Welcome.
Oh, well, you said you didn't have time to go
out for dinner, so I thought we could have one
right here.
Oh, come on, we're in the telescope room. It'll be
like dining under the stars. You see this, uh, double
zero? When it says zero one that means it's twinkling.
Sometimes it takes a while.
That's why I already cleaned up in here and all
the other rooms in the hall.
Oh, please sit. I tried to cook you a meal
from your homeland.
That depends, do they have Mexican food in Cuba?
So, um, what surprised you the most when you first
came to America?
I thought that, too. But then I got my first
waffle maker and never questioned her again.
Uh.
Uh.
No, p-please don't.
Isabella. Isabella wait, wait, let me explain.
I'm sorry. Honestly, I didn't think your job would bother
me, but I guess it did. And I hate myself
for that. But there's a lot of things about me
that would totally embarrass you.
Well, prepare to be mortified. I let my dog eat
food out of my mouth, not because she likes it
but because I do. Also, I know they're pretty, but
I'm scared of butterflies.
Come on. What do you say? Let me make it
up to you.
It's my one move.
Great. Where would you like to go?
Excuse me, but I'm Indian.
Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.
Over half a million dollars.
Hey, congratulations Bert.
This is tough, but I'm going to say it's the
guy who shows me YouTube videos of people getting hit
in the nuts.
What's this button do?
I laughed because the guy was Leonard.
Well, I'm glad to see you moving forward.
Then the robot uprising has begun.
He doesn't just look like C-3 PO, now he walks
like him.
It's a human emotion, Sheldon. Everyone gets jealous. I'm jealous
of Leonard and Penny and Howard and Bernadette for being
in such happy relationships.
Sure.
Thank you for saying that. Next to buying things, that
is the best part about having money.
I think you're both cute.
Hey, Stuart. What are you doing here?
Do, uh, Howard and Bernadette know? Or is it like
a possum in the walls kind of thing?
Okay, cool.
Oh, but I bought Chinese takeout.
So, I was reading how it's a good idea for
new parents to take an infant CPR class.
Although it was already under control.
It's just that they've had plenty of help.
Well, they already had a village.
Yeah, well, maybe the village was too busy checking out
the local Montessori school for the new arrival.
I'm here to put the crib together.
Well I don't know if you realize this, but I
bought that crib.
Why are you being like this?
Hey, this pregnancy had an emotionally-needy third wheel way before
you came along.
Is this what you do when I'm not here, make
really good points?
Thank you.
Oh, hey, Bernadette, the swing comes with two different mobiles.
The giraffes are pretty cute, what do you think?
At least my nose is naturally brown.
Me
I'll do it.
Just because you're starving doesn't make you an artist.
I'll pull the van up.
Team Baby, go.
All right, hold on. I'm gonna drive like we do
in India. Get out of my way, you syphilitic dogs.
Fine. What do one point three billion people know about
having babies?
I love you, too. We're good.
12 minutes.
You see, I was at the doctor's office, the folder
was right there, so I took a peek.
I'm sorry, that's ambiguous. Is it five minutes apart starting
at the top of the hour, or five minutes apart
starting with the first contraction, so essentially, like, 65 minutes?
Don't come to the hospital. We're headed home.
You'll be happy I did. Okay, little one, here we
are back at home because you weren't quite ready to
come out yet. You wanted to make an entrance. I
get it. And here's your daddy. When he tries to
tell you he used to be cool, you can see
he wasn't.
Well, this is not for me, this is for the
baby. Some day she's gonna want to see this.
I, I said she, but lot's of things are she,
boats and cars, whales, like thar she blows!
Well, okay, I'm gonna sign off now. This next part
may contain some adult language.
Well, you guys have no idea how hard it is
to know something like this and not say it.
You were supposed to keep that to yourself.
Hello. Howard and Bernadette kicked me out because I told
them they're having a girl. Oopsy, I did it again.
You're gonna have to be quieter than that.
Hello.
No. People just keep kicking me out everywhere I go.
This is not how I imagined this day going, I
should be with them right now.
I know that. But to be fair, I've spent nine
months helping Bernadette get ready for this baby, and Howard
spent five minutes conceiving it. And I'm being generous.
And, and the worst part is that they kicked me
out and let Stuart stay.
For God's sake, just drive in the knife, why don't
you.
Well, you're all thinking it, I'm the only one who
hasn't done anything worthwhile.
Oh, yay, I have a doctorate in astrophysics and I'm
every bit as awesome as the pasty-faced owner of a
comic book store.
Excuse me.
Hey.
Oh, great, now I can say things like I can't
believe you're breaking up with me, why are you breaking
up with me? Yes, I'll still help you move.
I bought the first one, it didn't fall.
Congratulations.
Really?
You hear that, Stuart? I've got a dog and a
godchild, you have nothing.
Guys, she's my goddaughter, I think I'll know when I
see her. That one.
Hello.
Oh, my God, what happened?
You know, in India when my baby brother cried like
that, the servants would just take him far away so
we couldn't hear it. Not always, sometimes we'd leave.
Oh, he's really good with her.
She's tired, that was funny.
Oh, don't take it so personally, maybe your baby's just
a jerk.
So how were your holidays?
Be there bright and early.
Yeah, i heard you on the baby monitor. Didn't think
you could think you could turn the theme from Walking
Dead into a lullaby.
Have you tried anything to fix it?
I know. Blue shag, what were you thinking?
Did that do anything?
Hang on. No offence to her father, but he's not
an MIT trained engineer. Thinking and building is what you
do.
Oh come on, we just need to be more creative.
What if you didn't step on the floor at all?
Like, what if you swung on a rope from the
ceiling?
Okay, um, okay, what if you rig up a pulley
system and move yourself across the room in a harness?
Hold on. Yeah, that's funny.
It looks like a map from Dungeons and Dragons.
Okay, uh, you check for squeaks, and I will mark
them down.
It's nice to think that you grew up in this
room and now your daughter's going to as well.
Why do you bounce with your hands in the air
like that?
Material Girl needs ot be retired, that is your karaoke
song.
Don't do that in socks, I almost broke my neck.
Hold on, I don't think she was impressed.
I broke up with her.
She said she didn't want to see me any more
and I found that insulting.
I don't know, she didn't even give me a reason.
Can we not play this game?
That's okay, I'm fine.
I'm not a virgin, Sheldon.
It's okay, I'm fine.
Sheldon, when I said I was fine, I meant I
didn't want to talk about it any more.
Now that Sheldon's across the hall, have you decided what
you're doing with his old room?
Maybe I could use it to understand why women keep
dumping me.
That's actually not a bad idea. Maybe I could even
get them all together, sort of like a, a focus
group, to find out what's wrong with me.
Okay, Emily. Yeah, sounds great. See you then.
Yeah. I'm getting all my exes together in order to
discuss why they broke up with me and how I
can be a better boyfriend.
We are going to find out.
Well, I want information in order to improve myself.
Don't worry, I'm a grown man. I have a thick
skin.
Hey.
Okay, first off, I want to thank you all so
much for coming. Howard is here to interpret for Emily,
and to take notes.
Uh, heads up, both of you are named Emily, so
we'll call you red-headed Emily, and you, red-headed Emily, Junior.
Okay, uh, let's get things started. Um, why don't we
go around the room, say your name, and why you
broke up with me. Want to kick it off?
I did do that. I can be insensitive to other
people's boundaries. Howard, would you write that down?
Uh, next?
Okay, new rule, everybody only gets one. Uh, next?
Oh. He's here to support me, so anything you have
to say you can say in front of him.
Howard, get out.
Okay, that's enough. Write down loving son.
Yes, I'll take you back.
Well, that's hard to hear, but I'll still take you
back.
Would you stop writing? Wait, so, did all of you
go on to better relationships after me?
What did she say?
Okay, maybe we should just end this.
Thank you, Howard.
Well, that was a waste of time. I'm such an
idiot.
Maybe I won't settle down. Maybe I'll just play the
field.
Dude, come on.
I appreciate the offer, but if things don't work out
with you two, I'm swooping in on her like a
vulture.
But theoretically, if you and I were in a gay
relationship, how would we tell people? Like, print up announcements?
Well, I want to make sure we get invited to
all the parades.
Yeah. Well, if you want to march in a fishnet
crop top, you better lay off that dip.
It was for the girls. They broke up with me,
I don't care if they get fat.
Oh, you want to bet? You never exercise.
Very mature. Keep eating like that, you're gonna have a
heart attack.
You're such a child.
Hey, I was being hypothetical, okay? I would never marry
you.
Yeah, right. Wait, is it rose gold? Actually, don't tell
me, I want to be surprised.
You know, I just read a study that suggests new
mothers are better at sensing emotions for up to two
years.
Uh, the one at Caltech has a crazy wait list.
I warned you, a lot of people apply when they're
still pregnant.
Whoa. Just trying to help.
No, no. I will take care of it.
While I'm gone, you can think about how mean you
were to me.
Okay. You ladies have fun tonight.
Under the careful supervision of her godfather.
Like I said, you ladies have fun.
Got it.
I would never call Howard.
Yeah, great. Um, I'll put food in her top half,
you deal with whatever comes out the bottom.
Don't worry. Everything's fine.
I don't need your help deciding when we need help!
Yes, so, I was just warming up some milk for
Halley, and I thought it smelled a little funky, so
I checked the date that you wrote on the bottle,
and it says Flerbsday.
How is that a T?
Okay, yes, I will err on the side of caution
and defrost a fresh batch.
Fine, you drink it.
Oh, of course we can. Uh, you girls have a
good time. She said I was in charge.
What else are you gonna do with it? Put it
in your coffee?
Nothing to worry about. She's just been crying for a
little while, and I was wondering if you had any
tricks to get her to sleep.
She was blowing a spit bubble. It was adorable.
Oh, okay, false alarm. Little parenting tip, sleeping babies hate
flash photography.
And j, and just so you know, my favourite movie
is Princess Bride.
Good, good. Uh, listen, I just wanted to let you
know when you get my credit card bill, it might
be a little high this month.
Oh, Daddy, you're so rich and funny.
Uh, well, I was dating a woman at the university,
but we broke up.
I know you are. That's why you just bought me
a new iPad. And before you start, I am not
interested in you arranging a marriage for me.
You did?
What are you saying, that you're giving up on me?
What kind of father gives up on his son?
I can't believe what I'm hearing. This is deeply hurtful.
Hello.
Yeah, I saw something for Halley and I couldn't resist.
Yeah, it's a crushed velvet baby cape.
Yeah, it was. But it's my father's money and I'm
mad at him.
It turns out he doesn't care if I'm married or
if I'm single. He's basically given up on me.
It is. He stopped trying to find Indian girls for
me to marry.
Thank you, Penny.
My father thinks the reason I can't make a relationship
work is because I'm spoiled.
Just because he helps me out doesn't automatically mean that
I'm spoiled.
Okay, I'll tell you, but please don't judge me. He
pays for my car, my rent, and my credit cards.
But Bernadette makes more money than Howard. She basically supports
him.
Oh, please. Look in the mirror. You both look ten
years older than I do.
I don't want to say.
I don't want to say because I don't know how
much it is.
My father pays for it. Do you know how much
your rent is?
Well, then double it, because my building's a lot nicer
than this dump.
Not really.
The housekeeper does the shopping.
I'm spoiled? Your baby has a cape that costs $300.
I thought we were best friends?
Guys, I'm not living in a garage.
Thank you, but if I'm gonna just take advantage of
my friends, I might as well keep on relying on
my father.
Hello, Father. We need to talk.
I have come to an important decision. I will not
be accepting your money any more. I'm a man, and
I can take care of myself.
Yes, that is wonderful. You will no longer be able
to accuse me of being spoiled.
Dad, I'm trying to tell you off, and you're ruining
it with your delight and relief.
Yeah, that's right. Keep asking yourself that. But I still
love you very much, so don't cut me out of
the will.
Yeah, I'm making a bunch of changes. This morning, I
fired my dog walker.
Uh, I gave her an Imodium. That's tomorrow's problem.
How bad is it?
Are you serious?
I have a card for emergencies that I pay for
myself.
That's a penguin I sponsor. They're losing their homes to
global warming, and my car gets, like, seven miles a
gallon, so I felt bad.
It's intimate waxing. Quit looking at that.
Like a business manager?
Okay, Sheldon. Yeah, I'm putting you in charge of my
finances. I will not spend another penny that you don't
authorize.
I can't believe Penny's gonna get to go, and I'm
not.
Come on, Sheldon, it's Comic-Con. Just let me have the
money for this, and I won't ask for anything else.
Okay, you're right, I got myself into this, but I've
never missed a Comic-Con with you guys.
Go ahead, make jokes. I don't know why you think
you're going to Comic-Con, you just had a baby.
Well, so? So you think Bernadette's just gonna let you
jet down to San Diego for five days and leave
her alone?
But you charged me hundreds for this stuff.
But I need to earn enough money so I can
go to Comic-Con.
I have no choice.
Really? I'll do anything.
What's with the gloves?
I'm looking to make extra money and was wondering if
you had any chores I could do.
Yeah, you'd think. Ooh, maybe I could sell my blood
and sperm.
Here, let me help you.
Oh, Double Stuffed Oreos, I remember when I could afford
you.
Stay, I'll get her.
That's fine. She and I can cry together.
Thank you, but it doesn't look like I'm going to
Comic-Con this year.
What's this?
This is so generous of you, I, um, I don't
know what to say.
As much as I appreciate this, I can't accept it,
okay? Halley's my goddaughter, I don't take care of her
for money.
It doesn't matter. I'm not keeping this. I'm trying to
pay my own way and be responsible. Taking handouts won't
help that.
I've been plenty of times. If I miss one, it's
fine. I'm a big boy.
Hello.
That would be amazing. I was literally just looking at
my moving boxes, trying to pick one to live in.
I cannot thank you enough.
Uh, yeah. Why do you ask?
Oh, my God, that's so generous.
I really appreciate it. Uh, can you hold on one
second? Hey, so, Howard, what's the bathroom situation gonna be?
But I can use the downstairs bathroom, right?
Cool, cool, yeah, yeah, hold on one second.
Hey, what's it like sharing a bathroom with Penny? Is
there hair everywhere? Does she use your loofah?
Okay, well, if I move in, you can't use mine.
Hold on a second. Hey, Howard, uh, how's the Wi-Fi
in the garage?
Well, to be honest, Leonard's on the other line, and
he offered me their spare bedroom.
But you made the garage sound so fun.
One second. Okay, I think we're close. How do you
feel about a mini-fridge in my room?
Oh, uh, hi, Penny. Yes, please.
Can I get anyone anything at all?
It's the least I can do for helping me carry
my stuff up.
Anyway, thanks again.
Thank you, Sheldon. It's a blank notebook.
This means a lot.
You're right, I am humiliated. Thanks for pointing it out.
You're such a jerk.
What do I have to be happy about? My life's
a wreck.
Maybe moving in was a bad idea. I haven't been
here one day, I'm already causing problems.
Thank you, but how do I know you're not saying
that just to be nice?
That'll do it.
Sheldon, she's fine.
Thank you. I appreciate that.
Howard? Howard? It's me, it's just me.
Well, I texted you, but you didn't respond. Leonard and
Penny were arguing.
I'm sorry, guys. Sheldon was upset, Leonard and Penny were
fighting, I just wanted to go some place where I
wasn't causing problems.
Can I just stay in the garage?
Thank you.
Well, didn't think this is where my life would be.
You know, we're both down on our luck. Maybe you
and I should try to get a place together.
Wouldn't you feel better about yourself if you were more
independent?
No, you see, I'm doing this so I can stop
being spoiled and, you know, grow as a person.
Don't you even feel a little bad sponging off your
friends?
Well, no offence, but I didn't go to art school.
I have a PhD in astrophysics.
I just never want to be a burden on my
friends.
But I also upset Sheldon, and he's not gonna want
to come over if I'm there.
I appreciate it, but I think staying with Leonard and
Penny makes more sense for everyone.
And just so you know, it's only temporary. I'm not
gonna get too comfortable.
You know, downward-facing dog comes from the Sanskrit phrase adho
mukha shvanasana.
Downward-facing dog.
Hey, we wrote the Kama Sutra. If it involves butts,
there's a word for it.
It's my fault. I asked Penny to do yoga with
me.
Hey, can I ask you a favour? Would you mind
taking Cinnamon for a walk?
Bye, Cinnamon. Be a good girl.
Okay, and tree pose.
The bigger question is, what are you gonna eat with
that spoon? You didn't get any food.
Yeah, me, too.
It's nice to see you taking an interest in Amy's
work.
So did you confront Jennifer?
Paul.
Don't worry, Jerry won't be fooled by that type of
behaviour.
It didn't work for Randy, it didn't work for Tina,
it sure as hell isn't gonna work for Jennifer.
With your sales record, you have nothing to worry about.
I can actually feel the toxins being pulled out of
my skin.
Oh, well, then I can actually feel the moisture going
into my skin.
I thought someone looked brighter and tighter.
You want to go shopping?
Now, take a sip, swirl it around your mouth, and
try to notice the flavours, the tannins, the textures. Well?
Yeah. You know, the last couple of weeks have been
pretty rough, but, uh, staying here with you guys has
really helped take my mind off of it.
When did he leave?
No, no, Penny, don't dismiss his feelings.
Hang on, I'm not saying that his feelings aren't crazy.
I just don't want him to think that this isn't
a safe place.
I don't want to speak for Leonard.
But when you're insecure, no amount of external validation can
ever make you feel safe.
I'm a good listener.
I'm sorry. What did you want to say?
Guys, before this gets ugly, remember, the winner gets Sheldon.
Are you asking because you want me there or out
of pity? Actually, never mind, don't answer. I'd love to.
Genius. I was gonna say, why does anyone think Sheldon's
a genius? But I didn't.
Wait, you don't remember?
I don't know where your pants are, but we did
find your underwear in a pot on the stove.
It's right here.
Nope, pants in the microwave, no notebook.
You're not going to prison.
Wait a minute. Hey, let me see your phone.
Well, it's, it's possible it was tracking everywhere you went.
Yeah, it depends on the privacy settings.
Hang on, I can see every place you went.
Uh, you were in the building, you were at the
university, then you were somewhere on Colorado Boulevard.
Wait, hang on. Did you go to a cowboy bar?
Does this place look familiar?
These here parts?
Bye.
You'll need a good attention span.
That's equally effective.
It's fun with flags, behind the flags, a retrospective. Flags.
He took the day off.
Yeah.
Oh, quick, sit.
Well, I'm very happy for you.
Can't believe Bert has a girlfriend and I don't.
Oh, grow up.
Oh, hey, guys. Come in.
So how did you two meet?
That's nice. I haven't had much success meeting people online.
I'd love a personal trainer. I haven't seen my abs
since they opened a Shake Shack on my drive home.
You should send that to Jimmy Fallon.
Hey. Yeah. Hey, sorry if last night was awkward.
I think it shows a lot of character.
Hey, what's up?
No, you didn't. Okay? Look, Bert, when I had money,
I dated lots of girls who weren't right for me.
And then I gave up my money, and now I'm
alone and living with my friends, and somebody else should
probably talk now.
I feel bad for Bert.
Sheldon, what did Amy have that attracted you?
Really?
Sheldon, get over here and help.
That's it, we're dead.
Well, I know how you feel. I tried one of
those electronic Japanese toilets, practically shot myself across the room.
You know who's a super-ager? Jennifer Lopez. Like, what is
her secret?
Like J-Lo's hair.
If you really want to challenge yourself, you could learn
to speak Hindi.
Could you say that in English? I actually, I never
learned Hindi.
Hey.
Okay. Shall we? Oh, my God. It's light, it's flaky,
it's buttery. You don't need to have sex with him,
just eat one of these.
You want a real challenge, try keeping me from eating
more of these.
Damn it, he's good at that, too.
Why did you even go to dinner with the guy?
Well, he is much more attractive than Leonard.
I disagree. Penny is a strong, independent woman. The more
you try to control her, the more she'll push back.
Oh, no, she's gonna leave you for someone, might as
well get it over with.
Cheers.
Without me.
Without me.
I may be moving out soon. I think I found
a place to live.
Really? You kept sending me apartment listings.
Bert has a room for rent.
Uh, no, it's, uh, pretty private, actually, it's over his
garage. So the only time I'll see him is when
he pulls his car in, does his laundry or practices
drums in my dining room.
Congratulations.
I am, but I'll miss you guys.
You could try saying that without smiling.
Why?
Come on, Sheldon. Amy's only gone for a few months.
And now that I'm moving out, your old room is
empty, so you can stay there whenever you want.
Yeah, sure.
Can I get my stuff? Sounds like it's gonna be
a while.
Well, here's your key back.
As soon as I have the place set up I'm
gonna have you guys over.
I really can't thank you enough for taking me in.
You know, I was in a pretty low place in
my life.
Anyway, uh, as I was saying, I was at a
pretty low place in my life and, uh, if it
wasn't for friends like you…
I can't compete with that. Bye.
How are you doing with…
It was a tutorial. And yes, I'm happy to keep
Sheldon company.
Oh, why does he need a ladder?
Hi. Oh, let me bring a chair for you.
What just happened?
So what do you guys think that's about?
Do you see the way she's looking at him?
I keep telling you, close the bathroom door.
Which is?
Can you even eat those things?
Sounds like a lot of work.
Uh, well, she's single, so if somebody else asks her
out and she says yes, then we know she's not
into Sheldon.
Actually, I was going to suggest me.
Dr. Nowitzki. Good to see you.
May I join you?
Good to see you.
She's clearly having a working lunch and preferred to eat
alone.
I could have made her very happy.
I made a play for her and she shot me
down.
Like, really, a million?
Thank you.
Hi.
I think you made that very clear.
We're being ridiculous. There's no way a woman that attractive
is trying to seduce Sheldon Cooper.
No. I haven't played the race card yet.
Whatever.
