Good morning, wife.
It's official. According to tradition, we should hang the bedsheets
outside so the villagers can see that we consummated.
Well, I suppose you're right. Although, when you think about
it, Lego is the perfect metaphor for marital congress. Two
pieces that interlock with a satisfying snap.
Oh, I almost forgot. While you were sleeping, I ordered
room service.
Voilà! You thought it was going to be food, didn't
you?
So we are going to be quite busy.
And tomorrow, a tour of the sites where Nikola Tesla
lived, worked and slowly went crazy. And, of course, coitus.
Don't act surprised. It's clearly marked on the schedule. Now,
shall we steam the wrinkles out of our wizard robes,
or make vigorous, socially sanctioned love? Either way, I can
check something off my to-do list.
Do you know what I love about Broadway theater? It's
so interactive.
You're so close to the actors. It's like you're in
the play.
I mean, you yell, "Harry, watch out," he looks right
at you. And not just Harry, everyone onstage.
All right, well, it's a bit late, but I did
block out the rest of the evening for conjugal relations.
Should we shower? I mean before, not during. That's how
you fall and break a hip.
Oh, no can do. If we miss tonight, it's not
scheduled until Thursday at 6
Are you suggesting spontaneity?
So, now that we're married, s?x can occur at any
time? Like, we can be brushing our teeth, and suddenly
your minty-fresh tongue is in my mouth? No, thank you.
Mix it up? Who are you, Betty Crocker?
Uh, to take a shower. Now that s?x can happen
at any time, I always have to be ready. Should
probably live under a waterfall.
Oh. Well, thanks, but I'm still gonna rinse off. I
touched a lot of stuff in the gift shop.
That's wrong. I'm gonna say something.
Well, then how will everyone know I'm the smartest boy
here?
Is everything all right? You seem testy this morning.
I'll have to take your word for it. There's no
test for testy. Is it possible that you're sexually frustrated?
If you had adhered to my coital schedule, your brain
would be floating on a sea of oxytocin right now.
Then you should know the benefits of the special hug
that grown-ups give each other.
Of course they're listening; we're interesting. Unlike that guy.
I'm only recently married. Do I stay here? Do I
follow? Say something useful.
Hello.
I brought you two hot dogs.
From a street cart? Are you crazy? I'm amazed that
I'm holding them.
You realize that I'm not a particularly physical person.
When I was little, and people asked me what I
wanted to be when I grew up, I'd always say,
"A brain in a jar."
Yeah, but I want to be a good husband to
you, and intimacy is a part of that.
I'm just worried that if I don't schedule our bedroom
endeavors, then I may not think about them, and you'll
grow cold and distant and seek solace in the arms
of a heavily-muscled longshoreman.
Along the shore. It's in the name.
That's good to know. I wouldn't want to fight a
man who's brave enough to touch a fish.
Excellent. I'll create an algorithm that'll generate a pseudo-random schedule.
Yeah, and do you know why it won't be a
true random schedule?
Come with me.
To the hotel room. And when we get there, I'm
gonna need you to say that again, except naked.
But I think, by the end of the honeymoon, we
really started to feel like a married couple.
Yeah.
No. We forgot about you until we were on the
plane. Luckily, there was Wi-Fi, and I have Amazon Prime.
Look, it doesn't have to just be New York. That's
the beauty of it. Uh, the initials "N.Y." can stand
for anything you like. For instance, I understand that there
is an elderly rock-and-roll musician named Neil Young. Perhaps you
heart him. Or if not him, Egyptian table tennis silver
medalist Noha Yossry. Or Nana Yamaguchi, the Japanese voice actress
who starred in Sally the Witch.
I had Wi-Fi and a long plane flight. Draw your
own conclusions.
You were right, dear.
What's wrong with it?
Fine. "And Amy." Ow.
Save that card. We may need to throw it back
in their faces.
Oh, could be anything. A flute, a letter opener, one
of those pens where you put the bikini back on
the naked lady.
What is it?
Oh, maybe it's candy. Lick it.
I'm not gonna lick it. I just brushed my teeth.
Uh, none of the sci-fi shows I watch are dumb.
Okay, Westworld. But this has nothing to do with that
show, other than it's also inexplicable.
Don't be silly. Amy, how is this big glass shaft
going to aid our marriage?
Me, too! The card said it was the perfect gift.
But it's not a dinosaur fossil or matching pocket watches,
so I don't see how it can be.
Like Leonard and Penny. Yes, good. We just need to
think like them. Okay. What gift can I get us
to express how grateful we are to have us in
their lives?
I'm just gonna ask them.
I'm okay with that.
You're right. Oh, this is awful. And I can't even
comfort myself by stroking the fossilized tibia of a Pentaceratops.
Fine.
Staying up past my bedtime and solving mysteries? Who knew
married life could be this good?
Hello.
I just wanted to pop over and hand-deliver this thank
you note for your very thoughtful wedding gift.
Well, we liked it a lot more than things that
aren't it, I'll tell you that.
Oh, do tell. Now, paint a picture for me, like
where you were when you found it and what you
thought we'd enjoy doing with it.
Well, I don't know about the world. Some of those
Chinese fellas are pretty clever. Now, if you'll excuse me,
I'm going to return home and use your gift in
the manner which it was intended.
What are you?!
Howard, I don't often say this, but, good, you're here.
Now, do you know what Leonard and Penny got us
for our wedding gift?
Don't answer. I don't want to know. I just want
to know if you know.
Okay, great. I believe that Amy and I have figured
it out. Is it a clue to a scavenger hunt
that will lead us to the actual present?
I knew it! This is so much fun.
Oh, Leonard, thank you again. We love the gift.
Are you sure?
I'll Google it.
Got it! Quartz, from the German "quarz" which sounds the
same, but is spelled without a "T".
Coffee! The coffee shop where we first met!
We sat at that table.
I'm sorry. We're on a scavenger hunt.
Oh, I found something! It's gum.
I met my wife here, and we sat at this
very table, so if you play your cards right, in
eight years, you could marry this woman.
Well, don't tell people. That's not okay.
But why would it be in the lost and found
box?
It makes perfect sense.
This must be it. This must be the actual gift.
Open it up. What's inside?
Of course. Our life together is just starting, and they
want us to fill it with our memories.
They also left us a pair of sunglasses because our
future's so bright!
Yes.
So really, you gave us three amazing gifts. You gave
the locket, the adventure and the realization that Amy and
I can do anything as long as we work together.
No. It's a secret code that you two get to
figure out together.
And best of all, you can't use the Internet to
cheat.
Huh?
I know just what we're giving them for a wedding
gift.
Well, Amy, we can't move. I'd have to change all
the tags in my underwear.
What-- new house, new underwear. What am I, in the
Witness Protection Program?
You lucky duck.
Hello.
Well, I, for one, applaud Raj's decision to forgo emotional
attachment and find a life partner by bowing to a
3,000-year-old authoritarian tradition.
I can't believe you're throwing that back in my face.
Now, I'm not sure if this helps, but did you
know that pineapples were once so rare that King Charles
posed for a portrait with one?
You're awfully quiet.
No, I like it.
Would you like to talk about it?
Grape Nuts for breakfast, quiet car ride, things are really
breaking my way today.
And you'd like to do that quietly. I respect that.
Maybe she didn't mean it, like when you said you
didn't want to talk about this.
Do you want to have children?
Doesn't your brother have children? And your sister. She kept
the Hofstadter name and has five healthy boys
Sweet.
Improving our wedding photos.
Of course. And not only you. I've added some guests
who couldn't be there.
The Wright brothers.
Orville, because I admire him; Wilbur, because he was Orville's
plus-one.
Tam? What does he want?
He would like that, wouldn't he?
He was my best friend in the whole world growing
up.
Oh, of course I have. I'm sure I've mentioned him,
like, five times this week.
Tam! Tam! Tam! Tam! Tam! There, it's only Thursday.
What is going on here?
Tam.
Mm, not long enough to erase the sting of betrayal.
You know what you did.
When I moved to California, what did you do?
Do you believe this guy?!
I don't want to talk about it.
I don't do anything for a stupid reason. Except, perhaps,
Talk Like a Pirate Day, and I'd argue that's more
whimsical than stupid.
So you're taking his side. You scurvy dog. You watch
yourself. There is room on my enemies list now that
the cafeteria ladies finally told me what's in the chili.
By the way, don't eat the chili. Wai-Wai-Wait, you know
what? Do.
D... Wait. "Snarky comebacks..." Oh, here we go. "You have
your entire life to be a jerk, why not take
today off?" That was harsh, but he was asking for
it.
Howard, today is your lucky day. Leonard's out, you're my
new best friend. Well, I'm not thrilled about it either,
but here we are. Okay, fine. Is Bernadette there? Sh...
No. Just Stuart? Let me call you back.
You know me so well. It's too bad you can't
be my best friend.
You can't be my wife and my best friend. Who
would I complain about you to?
Leonard talked to Tam behind my back and took his
side. And after what he did to me. Can you
believe it?
Fine. When I got accepted to grad school at Caltech,
I was afraid to move so far away from home.
So Tam said he'd move out here with me and
be my roommate. Then, over the summer, he got a
girlfriend, even after reading all the pamphlets I gave him
about social diseases.
Anyway, Tam stayed with her in Texas, and I had
to move out here all by myself.
It was. I was lonely, and I thought I'd never
make a friend again. And for a long time, I
didn't.
Yes.
Hi.
Hi.
Bazinga. No, my life would've still been great.
Hello Tam. Thank you for coming. I just want you
to know that, um... I forgive you.
And yet, here I am, still being the bigger man.
Y... Really? Did she let you play with her train
set?
Well, they have, but it was during my short-lived parkour
phase.
Thank you. It did work out for me. And I'm
sorry that things didn't work out for you.
Oh, Tam, you don't need to be brave on my
account.
Brave, brave Tam.
Hello, you all remember Tam, my best friend from high
school.
Yep. You just remember the mnemonic
Well, I realized my life turned out great, and it's
silly to hold a grudge.
Uh, don't worry, Leonard, you're still my California best friend.
So, what do you want to do now? Go to
the train store, go to the comic book store?
Don't be silly, you don't have to call a cab.
You're my oldest friend. Leonard will take you. Right, Leonard?
Eh, eh, eh, hold on. I haven't seen Tam in
20 years, give me a chance to say good-bye. Bye.
And we do.
Yeah, Amy and I have been having so much fun
collaborating together.
Hey, hurry up, guys. The gift shop's closing, and Amy
said I can get one big thing or two little
things.
Amy, are you busy?
So...
Oh.
Well, I had a thought about our super-asymmetry theory. Let
me show you this one thing.
Boy, he is annoying. Do any of those buttons shock
him?
Okay, I'll just say one more thing
The fundamental problem with elementary quantum mechanical formalism is that
the Fourier transform extends to minus infinity in time.
It's just, I've just been enjoying my collaboration with Amy,
but ever since we got back from our honeymoon, she
has so little time.
Yeah, but it's so dull. Trying to understand how the
brain translates the five senses into biochemical information. I'd rather
wait in line without my phone.
President Siebert, how much do you know about physics?
Huh. I would not have guessed that.
Oh, that makes more sense. Well, don't worry, I'll go
slow.
Dr. Fowler and I have been working on a theory
of super-asymmetry that could reconcile the lack of observation of
supersymmetry in a world still governed by string theory.
Well, aren't you just the pride of Bloomington?
Dr. Fowler has found herself distracted by the commitments in
her own lab. It would be a great help to
both of us if you could free her up from
her other projects.
Yeah, well, there's that Indiana.
Y-Yes, but her insights into the very ways we conceptualize
symmetry and asymmetry have been invaluable.
L-Look, I know what you're thinking, that "they're newlyweds, how
are they gonna keep their hands off of each other?"
Let me assure you, we will not engage in workplace
coitus. Okay, if I won't put a bagel on my
desk, I'm certainly not putting Amy's bare bottom.
Oh, Amy, there you are.
All right, well, when you're done, let me know, I've
got some exciting news.
Uh, hey, that was my exciting news. All right, I'm
gonna tell you again. Pretend you haven't heard it.
Yeah, and it wasn't easy. Apparently, you're very difficult to
replace. Hey, just between you and me, they consider Dr.
Park quite the step down.
Wow. Banker's hours. No wonder you're not on the tenure
track.
That's funny. Oh, he'd be like a puppy with a
microscope.
Oh, good, we caught you.
Yeah, no right at all.
Oh-oh! Can you believe this guy? Oh, sure, so a
couple of men get together behind closed doors to decide
the fate of a woman's career. I thought we'd moved
past this.
Ooh, sounds like the old lady's putting me in the
doghouse tonight.
Hey, hey, don't go mansplaining things to her.
Oh, then perhaps you don't understand. See, mansplaining is when
a man explains things to a woman like she's stupid.
Boop.
Hello, Arthur. Now, I'm confused, usually when you appear to
me in my dreams, we're on the planet Dagobah.
I didn't know that Dagobah had delicatessens.
I'm having a problem in my marriage. I've upset my
wife and I don't know how to make it right.
I'm not coming to you, you're just a manifestation of
my subconscious. I mean, I'm actually coming to me.
Yes, but it sounds wiser from you because you're old
and glowing.
That makes sense.
Because they're her shoes?
Thank you, Arthur.
Of course.
Amy. Wake up. Amy.
We can't go to sleep angry with each other.
It's rule number one. I'd tell you rule number two,
but it's confusing.
Amy. Amy. Amy.
Oh, good, you're up.
That's fine. I just need you to know that I
feel terrible about what I did and I wasn't being
malicious.
No, Professor Proton came to me in my dream and
said we can't go to sleep angry.
Amy, this is important.
Why?
I wouldn't want that to happen, either. Thank you for
explaining and for using the word "subsume," that's one you
don't hear enough.
Good night.
Looking for shoes.
When your favorite ghost tells you to do something, you
do it.
Oh, nonsense. Halloween traditions of date back to the Celtic
festival of Samhain. Although our current Halloween customs come from
the evening before All Hallows' Day-- All Hallows' Eve-- thus,
Halloween.
Oh. Well, that's not interesting at all.
Okay, now it's interesting.
Is it a bird?
Is it a dog?
Oh, I think I'll be fine, then.
Hello.
She is. Did you do something different to your hair?
Oh, Inspector Gadget. And I want to say Supreme Court
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
That's very clever. Sustained.
Hello.
Why are you laughing? His statement was factually correct.
You don't have a spot. What is wrong with you
today?
Well, I can understand how that would make someone irritable.
Just because I used a word doesn't mean I want
its etymology.
You are being so annoying. Stop it. And why are
you two laughing?
Oh. So you're not laughing at him. You're laughing at
me.
But I'm not laughing.
I just didn't feel like it.
Amy, do you think I'm always correcting other people?
True. I just waited until I got home and screamed
into a pillow.
Howard dressed up as me and imitated me, and everyone
laughed.
It did. I never realized my friends viewed me as
an object of ridicule.
They laughed, Amy. In a derisive way. Not in the
instructive way I laugh at them when they're being stupid.
Who wants to see a magic trick? Oh, that's right.
No one.
And I don't understand what's going on because I went
to MIT.
Well, for starters, you have a quarter in your nose.
I think Howard hurting my feelings has in some ways
made me a better person.
As you were eating that Danish, I wanted to point
out that the Danish isn't Danish at all. It was
imported by Austrian bakers during a labor dispute in the
1800 s. But I chose not to, because I didn't
want to be the kind of fella who foists unwanted
facts about European pastries on the unwilling.
Sorry. Now you'll never know.
She's upset? Those pants I wore to make fun of
you were so tight, I risked a testicular hernia.
I don't understand. If it's unreasonable, why should we do
it?
Amy, let the man speak.
W-W-Wait. Are you saying we should let the Wookiee win?
Hello, Bernadette.
No, Howard let me in.
Oh, he got in his car and drove away.
Is that watermelon for anybody?
Is she gonna eat all of it? God, no wonder
she looks like Churchill.
Howard said your feelings were hurt.
All right. Apparently I came all this way for nothing.
Unless Halley wants to share that watermelon?
I feel like my chance at watermelon is dangling by
a thread.
Because you're small. That's funny.
Well, people used to call me egghead because there were
eggs on my head. because they threw them at me.
That's also terrible. My goodness, you had to live in
a house with a dog.
I suppose we have. Huh. Maybe you and I are
more alike than we thought.
Although I'm exceptionally tall, and you're exceptionally...
You didn't even let me finish.
Short.
Please. I'm an adult. I think I can handle it.
That was my fault. After I pet that goat, I
felt like a gladiator.
Lights off. If I'm gonna do this, I want to
do it right.
But I really want to watch it.
Oh, man. Sorry, guys. What took you so long?
This reminds me of a traditional Amish barn raising. With
everyone pitching in.
I don't hear anyone else giving facts about traditional Amish
barn raising.
Well, facts are my nails, and my voice is the
hammer which pounds them through the wood of your skull.
Yeah, fun fact about Amish barn raising-- they don't use
any power tools.
But I was just about to tell everyone why they're
called Pennsylvania Dutch when they really hail from Germany.
All right, I've kept you in suspense long enough. "Dutch"
is a bastardization of the word "Deutsch," meaning German.
Nervig. Why do you ask?
It was fun. But I am sore.
No, but I narrated the entire event, and I am
paying for it today.
Hi.
Well, stop. It doesn't suit you.
I believe he's referring to the traditional "kissing of the
buttocks."
I think he's done this before.
Hello.
Leonard, I just wanted to congratulate you on how well
you are managing this grant money.
Nothing. I just came by to pay you a compliment.
To what? I'm not asking you for anything. All I
need for my job is right here. Hmm? This is
my office. Which makes for a great commute. Home, work,
home. I'm still working-- I'm just working from home.
Because I like the frozen yogurt machine in the cafeteria.
Ooh, I suppose I could use a frozen yogurt machine...
Leonard, you've been losing to me in three-dimensional chess for
many years. You know what would be neat? If this
was some sort of long con and one day you
say, "Let's make this interesting," put money on it, and
reveal that you actually know what you're doing. A very
long con indeed. Checkmate.
Ooh, aren't you the hustler.
Do you really care if people are angry at you?
Interesting. Why don't you go to the store and get
me some tapioca pudding or I'm gonna be angry at
you.
So it comes and goes?
It's easy. I mean, not "beating you at chess" easy,
but what is?
I certainly could.
But I won't. I think this is a learning opportunity
for you.
Oh, I'm sorry. Did I upset you?
Ask me how I feel about that.
You gave the money to Kripke?
Interesting. What about not wanting everybody to be mad at
you?
That is the most selfish thing you've ever done. I'm
proud of you.
Yes, you do.
What are you going to use it for?
Leonard, there's a crow on your roof.
Is that one of Dr. Lee's crows?
Don't make any sudden moves.
He's the one you want!
Can I feed peanuts to the elephants at your wedding?
There won't be any elephants?
Why?
Amy and I are married, and I never talk to
her family.
Oh. No problem. Bernadette, floor.
That might be the dumbest thing you've ever said.
Hi.
Huh? Yes. I wanted to get a jump on planning
a day of fun for you.
Oh, no. Just you. I have other plans. Now, would
you prefer to see The Grinch in 2-D or 3-D?
Well, let's go 2-D. No sense in spending extra money.
Being a great husband.
After last night, I got to thinking that I should
have a better relationship with your family.
I hardly have one at all.
Oh, Amy, they're important to you, and you're important to
me. Therefore, according to the transitive property, they're important to
me. It's the same reason I'm interested in your big,
flat feet.
Which is why I'm starting with your dad and working
my way up.
Yeah, back at ya. I watched the trailer for The
Grinch-- it looks terrible.
Oh, good. You're right on time.
So, how does this work with in-laws? Am I supposed
to be calling you Dad? Because I don't want to.
Oh, thanks, Larry. Ooh. That doesn't sound right. Maybe I
should pick a vegetable for you.
It's called Lethal Weapon, but isn't that redundant? Aren't weapons,
by their very nature, lethal?
Yeah, and don't even get me started on Unsolved Mysteries.
All right, this is another one of my favorite places,
the comic book store. Feel free to look around.
Oh, father-in-law, son-in-law bonding. It's going great. Look at what
he bought me at the train store. Yeah, it sounded
louder in the car.
What are you talking about?
Excuse me, Turnip, we need to get going.
Well, if you want to see real magic, I'll take
you to Union Station, home to trains, subways and busses
that, every half hour-- voilà-- drive to the airport.
Oh, not at all. Howard. A word.
I need you to stop being so delightful.
I'm supposed to be bonding with him. You have your
own father-in-law; leave mine alone.
I don't want your father-in-law.
Mrs. Fowler. Mrs. Fowler. Mrs. Fowler.
Oh, Turnip's out; I'm bonding with you.
So the doctor prescribed Nizoral and it blocked enzyme action,
and the fungus cleared right up.
Yes, well, they say a picture's worth a thousand words,
but I say nothing beats a picture and a thousand
words.
Oh, no. It's in my nature to share. So, your
turn. Uh, other than Amy, have you every had anything
removed from your body?
Smart. Save something for our next get-together. Oh, we should
commemorate this one with a selfie. Oh, look at us,
two peas in a pod. Oh, speaking of vegetables, how
about I start calling you Old Lady Green Beans?
And then you ask me 20 questions to try to
determine which Nobel Prize-winning physicist I am. Ready? Go.
No. 19 questions left.
Oh, no. We're in the middle of a game. 18
questions left.
Hello, Amy.
Well, Howard lured your dad away with magic, so now
I'm bonding with your mom. I think she likes me.
Uh, wh-- Hang on, Amy. What's the problem, Green Beans?
I haven't spent Thanksgiving with my mother in years. Amy,
why would you tell your mother that I spend Thanksgiving
with my mother?
Sh-- I can go out on a school night as
long as I'm in my PJs by 10
Look at that. We're both angry at Amy. Maybe that's
something we could bond over. Let me ask you this
I may have married the wrong Fowler.
Well, perhaps because you're her mother and she didn't want
to disappoint you.
Oh, yes. She's my wife and I love her. And
if I can forgive her for putting ketchup on her
eggs, I can forgive her for this.
Amy's crazy, you are a delight.
Yeah, and boy, did she try.
Oh, you're welcome, dear.
You just keep getting better and better.
You know what? We wrote this paper together. I think
we should decide together that they go in an appendix
at the end.
I know. It really is the best of both of
us. It's got my math and your sassy takedown of
the fundamental nature of symmetry. It's got my bottomless intellectual
curiosity and your petulant refusal to spell "gray" with an
"a" like an American.
Perhaps we should divide and conquer. Now, you track down
all the citations and properly note them in our bibliography,
and I will roll up my sleeves and decide what
font we want to use.
And thousands of fonts, but you don't hear me complaining.
Yeah, a grad student? I am not trusting our unpublished
paper to some millennial. They'll put unicorn emojis on it
and then post it on social media.
Economic anxiety, too much avocado toast, who cares? Look, the
point is, we can't afford to have this paper leaked
before we're ready to publish. That's how you kiss the
Nobel Prize good-bye instead of hello as I intend to
do.
Absolutely not. If the King of Sweden hands me a
medal, I intend to smear it with Purell and then
kiss it.
Gee, I don't know. Can we trust him?
Yes, but he's always struck me as the guy in
the plane crash who doesn't wait until you're all the
way dead to eat you.
Oh, Amy, you never lose that childlike innocence. Leonard, I
need to tell you something. I'm having an affair.
You have to swear not to tell anybody.
You are the only one who knows. Uh, well, you
and Rita, the cafeteria lady who has been giving me
more than Tater Tots.
Not a word.
Congratulations, Leonard, you passed my secret loyalty test. The truth
is, I was never having an affair with the cafeteria
lady. There's only one woman who gets to touch my
no-no parts, and she's right here.
No, no.
I suppose you're wondering why I put you through all
this.
You know we're almost finished with our paper; we just
need help tracking down the citations.
Please, it would mean a lot.
Oh, no, we won't be there.
Oh, hey, Leonard. Is the podcast too loud?
Well, I heard Ira Glass, so he's either in your
earbuds or clinging to the ceiling like a gecko.
Oh, right, how are the citations coming?
Oh, yes, of course. Thank you for telling us, Leonard.
I'm sure that wasn't easy. I guess we don't need
this anymore.
No.
I don't understand how you're not more upset by this.
This is your paper, too.
That thing scared you, too?
Well, I don't need you to pretend to be okay
for me. If anything, that makes it worse.
I was wrong, that makes it worse. Go back to
being happy.
Come in.
Great, another thing we're wrong about. How many does that
make, Amy?
Two things. What happened to us?
I appreciate what you're trying to do but please stop.
You can't make this better.
No. Yeah-- wait. Do I smell Siam Palace?
Any mango sticky rice?
And the blows keep coming.
Nothing? Like what my career has come to? Thanks a
lot.
Eating, reading, watching television, listening to the radio. What does
it look like I'm doing?
I thought so, too, but I also thought super-asymmetry was
a good idea, so what else am I wrong about?
Yes. I am following the example of 17 th century
philosopher René Descartes. He subjected all his beliefs to radical
doubt so that he could build a bedrock belief and
build his cognitive life back up on firm principles. Ugh!
Still yucky, still yucky.
I mean, I was so sure we were right. Every
fiber of my being felt like this was it. This
was the one. How can I trust my instincts anymore?
Doesn't it? I've always thought I hated jazz, maybe I
was wrong. Maybe it's great to hear all the notes
at once. I'm trying, I'm really trying!
Hello.
Yes, flags-- up there flapping around on poles. If you
think about it, they're just the strippers of the emblem
world.
Oh, that. I was saving it for the day they
stop making Star Wars movies. I don't think that's ever
gonna happen.
Not since the day I recorded it. No, I had
just watched Back to the Future II, where Marty McFly
gets a glimpse of his future self and that got
me thinking, the day may come where I needed my
help, like they did with that movie. That was not
great.
Amy please, of course I was cute. Look how I
turned out. Hello, Sheldon. Hello, Sheldon. If you're watching this,
I assume something bad has happened. Something unfortunate and unforeseen.
Something that's making you question everything. I'm so smart. Now
just to make sure it's really you watching this and
not an imposter, what am I thinking of? On the
count of three. One, two, three. Robot monkey butler. Robot
monkey butler. Okay, good.
No, this is gonna be inspiring. You should watch. Sheldon,
never forget, no matter how bad things seem, you can
Al... What? What... No. N... My dad taped over it
with one of his stupid high school football games.
You know, it doesn't matter, nothing matters.
Yes. You can build me a time machine so I
can go back and tell my younger self to give
up, because nothing's gonna work out the way he wants.
Go away.
The only person who could help me was erased by
the Medford High Wolves.
That's ridiculous.
Beverly thought it would help? We should try it.
Leonard, please, this is not about you.
Yeah, where dogs do their business and other dogs sniff
that business? I don't think so.
The only fitting send-off
This guy gets it.
How about a bathtub and a flaming arrow?
Sold.
Y-Yes, thank you. I know this is just a scientific
theory, but to me, it was more than that. It
described the universe in a new and beautiful way. I
want that to be the universe we live in, but
I guess it's not.
It's getting kind of close to the curtain.
Looks like we both had theories that were wrong.
Why are you watching that?
It's not important. I remember everything I said.
It was good, it just would've meant more coming from
me.
It is.
I remember that game.
Oh, no. No, they lost so bad, the other team
let one of their cheerleaders try to kick a field
goal.
Maybe it did.
I've been acting like the game is over, but it's
only halftime. And there's a lot more physics left to
play.
It was. And I think it was a home run.
That's two. It's interesting. I've always thought that my father's
journey and my own were so different, but he also
faced failure and setbacks. Maybe our lives mirrored each other
more than I thought.
But only from one perspective. If we look at it
from a deeper view in more dimensions, our theory still
stands.
Go get your laptop. We have a paper to fix.
Thanks, Dad. We're gonna give them hell.
You know what I call this drink?
No. A Dr. Cooper. Because...
Ooh! That is PhD-licious.
Although, Amy and I did give the world a gift.
It would be nice to read some of the thank-you
notes.
Well, as I always say, a stranger's just a friend
who hasn't complimented me yet.
Wait, no, stop. I don't want to know. What if
he's mean?
I want to know.
I don't want to know.
This is so exciting. Oh, this may be the Dr.
Cooper talking, but pour me another Dr. Cooper.
Ah, President Siebert.
Can I bring my friends?
Can I bring my tater tots?
All right, let's go.
Oh, I do love a good sanctum.
Ugh. I don't like kiwi.
Because you never invited us.
You know, actually, I could use some barbecue sauce for
my tots. Oh, wait. No. Ketchup.
Both? So this is how the other half lives.
What kind of an emergency would there be in physics?
Now, wait, wait, are you trying to exclude me?
This is not barbecue sauce! This is steak sauce! What
are you trying to pull?
This is ridiculous. It is my work, too, and I
am perfectly capable of keeping it together for an interview.
A little shorter, but as we age that happens to
all of us.
Well, no one'll notice. They never met you before.
If it helps, I wrote up some possible questions and
answers for you.
Well, don't worry. I'm sure you're gonna do great.
Wait-wait-wait. You forgot the cards.
Yes. Wait, did you say "guilty" or "happy"?
Oh, then no. In fact, take a picture of me
with the garlic knots to send them.
Thank you.
Congratulations, Amy. I'm so proud of you.
I'm sorry. The who who did what to-- huh?
Oh, why wouldn't she be happy? She's the neurobiologist who
revolutionized physics.
What? Hold down the fort? because that's all I'm good
for. Is that what you were going to say?
Oh, why don't you go out there? Maybe you'll be
the neurobiologist who revolutionizes paintball.
Am I? Maybe it's just my poor people skills.
By making it seem like it was your idea?
I know, and it just made you sound modest and
charming.
I am proud of you.
Well, I'm that, too. I've seen Inside Out. I know
I can feel two things at once. Ow!
Well, now I feel three things.
Okay. But I should warn you, we're in a bit
of a spat. At least I think we are. Amy,
are we still in a spat?
We are.
Absolutely.
Oh, goody.
I'll be in the car.
I check the door for traps.
Hey, that's sort of like how you used a doorbell
camera to spy on your fiancée.
Really? An inn? Anu is a concierge at a hotel.
That's a little insensitive, don't you think?
Well, now that I've mentioned it, how do you feel?
Shame on you.
Leonard, I remember all of Penny's ex-boyfriends. If you'd like,
I could list them alphabetically.
Fun fact. You would think Zack would be the last
one on the list, but she also dated two Zekes.
And that bothers you?
Well, a lot of people you don't know are rich.
That doesn't seem to bother you. Mark Zuckerberg, Sultan of
Brunei, Gordon Letwin.
He's one of the first employees of Microsoft.
Well, that's too bad. He helped create the HPFS file
system. Oh, the stories he could tell.
Well, just tell her you don't want to go.
So you want to seem mature and confident.
Really? Zack wanted you to donate your genetic material for
his baby?
That doesn't make any sense.
They wanted you?
I'm smart. I'm nice. And I can eat cheese without
clearing out a room.
Of course not. I just think it's interesting that of
all the people he knows, he thinks you're the best
choice.
Well, perhaps Penny's worried that you haven't considered the emotional
toll of knowing there's a child out there who is
biologically yours but not actually yours.
Yeah, I'm taller than you and I don't have asthma.
Those people are crazy.
Hello. I'm Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
Dr. Sheldon Cooper and Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler present Dr.
Sheldon Cooper's Fun with Flags.
I'd like to start this episode by apologizing on behalf
of Dr. Fowler, who made the wild claim last week
that there was no national tricolored flag with a purple
stripe, when, in fact, the Estonian governorate inside the Russian
Empire had a purple stripe on their flag from 1721
to 1917. See? Right there in the middle.
Sorry, Tanzania, you deserve better.
Oh, take off your glasses so people can't see your
password in the reflection.
All right, put them back on.
Ah. Not surprising, the Windy City. Great flag town.
We did it?
We did it. We did it! We did it!
We did do it.
Two physicists in Chicago had to tell us.
Their experiment on kaon decay supported our predictions on the
higher order corrections pertaining to super-asymmetry.
What are we bringing in?
Oh. No, I don't want to.
And by "we," you mean "we," not "we."
Confirming my theory, eager to meet me. They are checking
all my boxes.
Ooh! Dibs on 39.
Wha... You are right, there is no difference at all.
I remember. It's a lot less impressive without Mark Hamill
in it.
And I stand by it.
Nice to meet you.
Yes, thanks to you, I'll get to eat my Nobel
dinner with my original teeth.
So you weren't even thinking about super-asymmetry?
Uh, can you believe this? Doctors Pemberton and Campbell have
been doing a press tour trying to take credit for
super-asymmetry. They didn't even know what they were finding.
No, that's just a scary campfire story like the guy
with the hook.
So you're saying they could steal our Nobel Prize?
There you are.
Hello to you, too. Now stop trying to steal our
Nobel Prize. You come up with your own idea.
Well, too bad. This discovery belongs to Amy and me.
So... you're saying that the four of us should just
agree to share this discovery?
Oh, that's right. So he's out?
So he's out?
Wait, so you want to cut Amy out?
But she's my wife.
I see. So you really think that I'm the kind
of man who would sell out his partner for the
chance of winning a Nobel Prize?
Boy, I hope not.
Why do you assume something's wrong?
Oh, Amy. You see through me like one of Penny's
shirts.
I talked to Doctors Pemberton and Campbell today. They reminded
me that only three people can share a Nobel Prize.
Their university is recommending the two of them and me.
And they want Caltech to do the same.
They say, if we present a united front, we have
a much better shot at winning.
Oh, but don't worry. I won't do that to you.
What?
You're the only reason I deserve one.
Is this really what you want me to do?
Thank you.
I need to talk to you about the paper that
Dr. Fowler and I published.
Amy and I did this together, and I will not
be part of an award that does not recognize the
value of her contributions. So you either include both of
us in the recommendation letter, or don't bother writing one.
If it's a fight that doesn't involve any touching, risk
of physical harm or uncomfortable eye contact because it's happening
online or through intermediaries, I say bring it.
You do?
Oh, okay. I anticipated a little more pushback.
Huh. Well, now I'm filled with all this nervous energy.
I don't know quite what to do with it.
Yeah... Really? Where's that?
Oh. And where is that?
Are there monkey bars?
Are we done talking about Howard's failed conjugal relations? I
have an actual Nobel Prize crisis to deal with.
No.
No.
Oh, right. I'm gonna go wait in the car.
The planning office? You lucky ducks. Yeah, this one made
me go for ice cream and talk about her day.
Spoiler alert
I may have missed a few details. The bottom of
my cone was drippy.
We get it. Your life is great. Stop rubbing it
in.
Is one of the forms the 599 B/C? Because, if
so, it has a doozy of a typo.
All right, well, I don't want to spoil anything, but
you might want to start practicing your "siglature."
Do you mean it? No, no, wait, it's too late.
You can't take it back. Yes.
Purell. Purell. Purell. Purell. Can I top anybody off?
Oh, yes. Oh, that is textbook encroachment. And I know
because I have the textbook.
Oh! Oh, boy, you weren't kidding. Oh, those are ,
lumens if they're a lumen.
Was that a joke?
Based on the premise that "lumen" sounds like "lemon"?
That's hilarious. Okay, what is the setback on property lines
in this neighborhood?
It must be on the permit from when you built
your deck.
Are you saying I'm standing on an unpermitted deck?
How did the inspector not flag this when he came
to check out your bathroom renovation?
Are you telling me that I have showered in an
uninspected bathroom?
You made me hold your children. What did you expect
me to do? You think you know people.
Yeah, but-but do we? Do we really know them?
They're rule breakers, Amy. And you know what we do
with rule breakers?
You can't cross a double yellow line. What is this,
the Purge?
Oh, I'm gonna help them-- help them get on the
right side of Johnny Law.
What choice do I have? These are the rules.
You know who doesn't get permits for their decks? Animals.
Oh, really? I have one word for you
Oh, hey, look. "Siglature."
Hello.
Oh, that's funny! Hey, I also have a joke for
you. Lumen-Ade. Maybe I told it wrong.
If I know someone in violation of the building code,
should I turn them in?
Yeah, I know. Because, on the one hand, Confucius says
we owe a greater responsibility to people we're close with
rather than to society at large. But, on the other
hand, Socrates says that we're obligated to obey all laws,
even unjust ones. And then, furthermore, if we're entertaining rules
about when it's okay to break the rules, I should--
where does it end?
Well, I just-- I don't know what to do.
Oh, so you're saying I have no choice but to
turn them in.
But would you? And remember that I laughed at your
"zone zone" joke.
Oh, is that Linda back there?
Aw. How are her hot flashes? Any better?
Hello.
Can you come over here?
Oh, that gets the heart going.
I went down to the city Code Compliance Office to
turn you in.
But I didn't do it. I filled out the form
and then realized that the unwritten rules of friendship are
more important than the written rules of the city of
Altadena's Zoning and Planning Department.
And you'll be happy to know that, while I was
there, I did look into your neighbor's balcony, and it
is encroaching on your property line. I had all this
pent-up snitch energy, so I reported him hard.
He's going to have to remove it.
Well, I don't know if I'd call you the good
guys. You're enforcing a law on him that you're willfully
ignoring yourselves.
Apparently so. Now, if one of you'd be kind enough
to take me home, I need to use my bathroom.
I'm sorry, I want to live.
This is going on Yelp!
Hello.
Oh, I won't be a moment. I just need to
grab a book off a high shelf, which I can
do because I am both tall and smart.
I don't know what you're talking about. Oh-oh, dear, I
think I got something in my eye. My piercing, blue
eye.
Fine. I've also never had a cavity and I don't
have asthma...
Leonard, if you had food on your face, would you
want me to tell you?
Oh, no, not now; it was last week. I didn't
know whether or not to tell you, but everyone was
staring. For the record, it was right there. And it
was Nutella.
You looked like a hazelnut Hitler.
Oh, you lost me at "vomit," you lost me again
at "comet," and to be honest, I was on the
fence at "us."
That's how I feel about Ben Affleck as Batman.
Oh, go with Bert! He's huge. It'd be fun to
watch him float around. Like that time the Underdog balloon
got away at the Macy's Parade.
Amy? There's something out here.
I'll try, but it's Leonard.
I told you, if we left pizza on the counter,
we'd attract something.
Been there.
Well, we just did it three weeks ago.
So you're willing to go through with this, even though
she clearly has reservations?
She tried to seduce you. If that's not a cry
for help, I don't know what is.
Although, someday, if that kid wants to know why he's
short, nearsighted, and asthmatic... he may hunt you down.
I'm sorry, my wife says I'm not allowed.
Oh, thank goodness! I caught you before you left.
So, your convention is in San Diego, right?
Great. I need you to settle a bet for Amy
and me.
And I say fewer people will be dressed as superheroes
but still some.
Also, if you get a chance to sneak into Hall
H, last year, I left my neck pillow under my
seat. Uh, third row, second from the aisle.
Thank you. At least there will be one superhero in
San Diego.
If you're looking for something outside the norm, I have
invented a new chess variant where the bishops can also
move like knights.
First of all, it would be "Bishops Are Crazy."
Hello.
No offense, Howard, but I don't want to spend my
weekend around your loud, sticky babies.
N-No, you can't be. I said "no offense." That's like
"no backsies" but for offense.
Hello.
Um, I changed my mind. I thought it'd be fun
to spend some time with your children. Where are the
little scamps?
I'm sorry. Tykes. Rug rats. What is the PC term
these days?
We were in the bookstore, and I found this. Experimenting
with Babies
Fine. Can I at least play a game with them?
Perhaps... How Developed is Your Peripheral Vision? Mine's great. I
saw that.
How come when she talks about experiments on babies, you
think it's adorable, but when I do it, everyone gets
upset?
Yay! I said, "Yay!"
By establishing a double-blind protocol so we have a foundation
to publish? Yes.
The subjects.
Fine. The babies. Baby-A and Baby-B.
Hello, baby. Are you having a pleasant day?
Leonard, Leonard, you're tainting my data.
How much time is left?
Oh really? He's not reacting at all.
I got a dud, let's switch.
Michael. Michael, you're making me look bad. I-Interact with me.
He grabbed my finger. Oh, he's smiling. I'm doing it.
Oh, really? Can we do one more?
By pushing a lever at the end of an obstacle
course that we design?
Are you suggesting we color-code their food so we can
examine their diapers later?
These diapers are gonna be full of data.
Oh, you were right, Amy. There were so many valuable
experiments to perform on them during bath time.
I do. I tested their object permanence with a rubber
duck, and we took a run at Archimedes water displacement,
but that went right over their heads.
I did. It's so funny, we did all these experiments
on them and they didn't even notice.
Yeah. Do you think he'd let us come back and
do some more?
Smart. There'll be more babies. It's a bigger sample size.
You know, spending time with Michael and Halley today really
made me think about our future children.
Well, I just can't decide. Either five sets of triplets
or three sets of quintuplets. You know what? It doesn't
matter as long as they're healthy. And divisible by three.
Oh, only for humans. For frogs, it's just a drop
in the bucket.
Oh, don't feel bad, Amy. You're good enough for me.
Oh, thank goodness! I caught you before you left.
So, your convention is in San Diego, right?
Great. I need you to settle a bet for Amy
and me.
And I say fewer people will be dressed as superheroes
but still some.
Also, if you get a chance to sneak into Hall
H, last year, I left my neck pillow under my
seat. Uh, third row, second from the aisle.
Thank you. At least there will be one superhero in
San Diego.
If you're looking for something outside the norm, I have
invented a new chess variant where the bishops can also
move like knights.
First of all, it would be "Bishops Are Crazy."
Hello.
No offense, Howard, but I don't want to spend my
weekend around your loud, sticky babies.
N-No, you can't be. I said "no offense." That's like
"no backsies" but for offense.
Hello.
Um, I changed my mind. I thought it'd be fun
to spend some time with your children. Where are the
little scamps?
I'm sorry. Tykes. Rug rats. What is the PC term
these days?
We were in the bookstore, and I found this. Experimenting
with Babies
Fine. Can I at least play a game with them?
Perhaps... How Developed is Your Peripheral Vision? Mine's great. I
saw that.
How come when she talks about experiments on babies, you
think it's adorable, but when I do it, everyone gets
upset?
Yay! I said, "Yay!"
By establishing a double-blind protocol so we have a foundation
to publish? Yes.
The subjects.
Fine. The babies. Baby-A and Baby-B.
Hello, baby. Are you having a pleasant day?
Leonard, Leonard, you're tainting my data.
How much time is left?
Oh really? He's not reacting at all.
I got a dud, let's switch.
Michael. Michael, you're making me look bad. I-Interact with me.
He grabbed my finger. Oh, he's smiling. I'm doing it.
Oh, really? Can we do one more?
By pushing a lever at the end of an obstacle
course that we design?
Are you suggesting we color-code their food so we can
examine their diapers later?
These diapers are gonna be full of data.
Oh, you were right, Amy. There were so many valuable
experiments to perform on them during bath time.
I do. I tested their object permanence with a rubber
duck, and we took a run at Archimedes water displacement,
but that went right over their heads.
I did. It's so funny, we did all these experiments
on them and they didn't even notice.
Yeah. Do you think he'd let us come back and
do some more?
Smart. There'll be more babies. It's a bigger sample size.
You know, spending time with Michael and Halley today really
made me think about our future children.
Well, I just can't decide. Either five sets of triplets
or three sets of quintuplets. You know what? It doesn't
matter as long as they're healthy. And divisible by three.
Oh, only for humans. For frogs, it's just a drop
in the bucket.
Oh, don't feel bad, Amy. You're good enough for me.
Although I will enjoy watching her expose Pemberton and Campbell
for the coattail-riding frauds that they are.
Uh, silly question. Who else will give her audience causal
explanations of natural phenomena?
Look, look, the audience is laughing at them. It's starting.
Well, that will all change when Ellen asks them how
super-asymmetry explains the cosmological excess of matter over anti-matter and
they panic, like Leonard trying to do a pull-up.
Come on, Ellen, they're right there. Go for the jugular.
Dr. Pemberton. Dr. Campbell. Doctors Pemberton and Campbell.
I am not your buddy.
I'll tell you what's wrong. You went on TV and
were charming.
I don't want your yogurt.
I want you to hold a press conference where you
admit that you blindly stumbled into super-asymmetry and it was
really our discovery.
She is not wrong.
Look at this. They posted another video. It's not even
about science. They're on a celebrity bus tour.
Are you worried?
Uh, yeah. Who needs to be likable when you have
Nobel Laureates campaigning for you?
Oh, yeah-- wait a minute. Do you not think we're
likable?
Oh, great, like who?
Da-- ooh.
Well, I may have been less than kind to him
about his Nobel Prize win.
I was jealous, angry and new to Twitter. It was
a dangerous combination.
We have a history.
Oh!
That was a misunderstanding. I didn't know he was right
behind me.
Well, Amy, if I had known that someday we'd need
them, I would never have insulted them.
Oh. Well, it's also not true.
What are you two doing?
Oatmeal raisin? I know at least two things wrong with
that cookie.
No, you'd think, but sometimes brilliant people can be painfully
oblivious to social cues.
Anytime.
Oh, it's from Saul Perlmutter. He sent me a picture.
Oh, he arranged the cookies to spell out "thank you."
Is my distress that obvious?
Well, it's true. The fact is, I feel really bad
for Amy.
Well, she didn't do anything wrong, but she's paying for
my mistakes.
What?
Well, I laughed when Amy got a shock from the
broken Christmas tree lights, so it was after that.
See, sometimes I wish I could invent a time machine,
so I could go back and prevent myself from acting
so rashly.
I suppose so.
My problem is that I don't always know when I've
gone too far.
Oh, you mean, like, with a code word?
That's perfect. People say it to me all the time,
no one will suspect.
Thank you.
I wouldn't say it was the highlight of the wedding,
because I've been told not to for reasons I don't
fully understand.
Actually, Amy, I think we should let them stay. Please,
enjoy yourselves. Try some pigs in blankets. And yes, that
is the plural.
If they stay, everyone will see that their grasp on
super-asymmetry is tenuous at best.
Yeah, I don't just know the plurals of things, Amy.
Mm? No, no, no. We have a plan. Uh, Dr.
Campbell and Pemberton, settle a bet for Dr. Fowler and
me? We were just discussing, under what conditions the radiative
corrections to super-asymmetry could cause time variation of alpha E.M.?
What do you think?
Good answer.
Wait-wait. You all heard them say it. They didn't do
anything.
Yeah-- Well, that's rude.
Oh, the code word, thank you.
Leonard, there's something I need to say.
Okay.
Is that what I would've sounded like?
Yikes!
Wait a minute. How do I know this isn't one
of those joke phones that squirts water in my face?
You got called into human resources?
You did do that. It was awkward. People didn't know
where to look.
I suppose the signs were always there. I mean, she
did recently go to that rave at the mall.
There was music and a strobe light. If that isn't
a rave, then I don't know what one is.
Oh! She wants to see me, too. All right, let's
get our story straight
Oh, so...
"Traps." That's a fun old word. Where's that been?
Uh, that's exactly what he said.
All right, well, what can we do?
(speaks Swedish) ...which is Swedish for, "I knew that."
You want me to shut my trap?
Solved it.
Not the cube, but the puzzle of why I couldn't
solve the cube. Solution
Anything has a number if you assign it a number,
friend number four.
This is so frustrating. I can't believe the university expects
us to just sit back and do nothing.
Numb your brain with alcohol and watch a reality show
where wealthy people pick fake arguments with each other?
I'm sorry, but this is, it's hard for me. Usually
I self-soothe by doing science, but now science reminds me
of the Nobel Prize and the idea that we may
not win one, and that makes me angry, which makes
me want to self-soothe by doing science, and on and
on and on.
No, the only person who touches me is my wife.
Then what is it?
Oh, I don't know how I feel about being deprived
of all my senses.
Oh, I'm right here. Why are you shouting?
Okay, but not in the same tank. I already shared
a uterus with my twin sister. I don't need to
go through that again.
No.
That's a stupid word.
One second. Is the pH between 7.2 and 7.8?
Is the water drained and replaced after each use?
Is the saline level 30%?
Does your filtration system use ultraviolet light to kill bacteria?
I don't need to get in. I'm relaxed already. Bebe.
Nothing. I just wanted to make sure it worked. Also,
I changed my mind. It's fun to say your name.
Bebe. Bebe. Bebe. Bebe. Bebe. Bebe.
Hmm, this is nice. It's sort of like floating in
space. But better because my eyeballs haven't frozen. Ooh, colors.
It's infinite iterations of the "Nautilus" section of the Mandelbrot
set. That's some good stuff.
Look all the infinite Mandelbrot sets. Here a brot, there
a brot, everywhere a Mandelbrot.
Aw. Five more minutes?
Can someone close her lid? She's kind of harshing my
mellow. That tank was amazing. It was like Disneyland, but
the rides were in dimensions. And instead of Mickey, I
had my picture taken with the concept that time is
an illusion.
Uh, yeah, a little constructive criticism
Now you got it.
Well, is this still about the Nobel Prize?
And back to the mean voice.
Hang on.
I'm googling what to do when someone's freaking out. Huh.
Uh, whoa, it says here that a walk can be
calming. Bye.
I tried to console her, but nothing seemed to work.
I took a walk, I came back, she was still
upset, so I came here.
You know, I know she's unhappy, but I don't know
how to help.
And while I'm there, what do I do?
Oh, so like what you're doing right now to help
me.
Of course. And by calming down, I've taken away the
one thing that gives her comfort
Yes. No, I need to have an emotional meltdown so
she's forced to focus on me and forget about herself.
Amy. Thank goodness you're home. I don't know if you
can tell, but I am literally - losing my mind.
Isn't it obvious? I just used "literally" figuratively. Like a
crazy person.
No, I am not okay, so I suggest you start
focusing on me to the exclusion of your own feelings.
I'm sorry. I know you're upset, but I don't know
how to make it better.
I'm about to hold you. Would you like to smell
my hand first?
Soft kitty, warm kitty Little ball of fur Happy kitty,
sleepy kitty Purr, purr, purr
Shh, I'm singing.
Soft kitty, warm kitty Little ball of fur...
I'm not gonna eat at 10
He spent a lot of time in Spain. They eat
dinner late.
Yeah, me, too.
No, but we have to see it in 3-D. We
saw part one in 3-D, and the 2-D part two
is not the part two of the 3-D part one.
And of course he is. He is a textbook satisficer.
Uh, yes, it is. According to Nobel Prize-winning economist Herbert
Simon, satisficing is a decision-making strategy whereby a person accepts
whatever available option is satisfactory rather than seeking out a
course of action that would make him happiest, as I
just did when I explained what satisficing was.
I could tell you about satisficing again.
Okay. But next time, we get to pick.
Ooh, Leonard, I don't mean to alarm you, but the
Chinese food smells funny.
But it's Chinese food night.
What? I did not. I just pointed out that you
were one. It's what I like best about you. Well,
that and those little notes you leave in my lunch.
Well, that's disappointing. I already know that you heart me.
Now I don't know if Leonard does.
I guess that answers the heart question.
Oh, of course. I'm nothing if not flexible. I'm sure
that at some point in the , 3000-year history of
the Chinese empire, a cavalryman crossing the Gobi Desert was
forced by hunger to eat his own horse and roast
it over a campfire, hence, Chinese barbecue. Let's eat. Gee,
I'm sorry, I didn't watch the news today. Has the
whole world gone mad?
You did this. Amy, grab your meat. We're leaving in
a huff.
Leonard, where are you going?
Okay. If we cross the county line, it's technically kidnapping.
Fine. Then this is the new me, and he finds
the new you tiresome.
The new me gives knowing winks.
Feathers and toes? Is the new thing you're trying to
accomplish ballroom dancing with a chicken? Look at that-- the
new me is hilarious.
Hey, look at that-- the new you's funny, too.
Sure there are.
No, you're confusing causation and... "Welcome to Alhambra." Where the
heck are we?
Amy, you're a neuroscientist-- you know the latest research into
déjà vu suggests it's nothing but the frontal regions of
the brain attempting to correct an inaccurate memory.
How can I tell if I'm doing something for a
noble reason or a selfish reason?
Leonard's about to demand a job that I don't think
the university will give him. I'm worried he's making a
giant mistake. But maybe I only think that because deep
down I don't want him to succeed.
I do. Thank you, Amy. You know what? After I've
talked to Leonard, you've earned yourself a bonus lecture on
Sponge Hulk.
Leonard?
Um, I have been agonizing over whether or not to
say something to you.
I have to. I don't think that you should demand
to be in charge of a plasma project.
No. I'll be honest. New assertive Leonard is going to
take some getting used to. But so did cargo pants
Leonard, hmm? Who, for the record, I miss. He always
had gum.
They say no.
Now, I'm not quite sure when to jump in here...
Okay.
Oh, I've been dinged on this before. Whatever you really
think, you have to say yes.
Well played.
Now, I know what You're you're thinking
All right. Hello, Leonard.
Have you ever wondered what the Hulk would be like
if he were made of sherbet?
Delicious.
It has caused her a lot of stress. She chewed
through her night guard like it was a piece of
jerky.
Why would you think that?
Well, uh, technically, she lashed out. I contained myself, which
I don't think I'm getting enough credit for.
The Nobel Committee will realize that we came up with
this theory.
I'm still not talking. That's impressive, right?
You-- No, no, no, no. Your money's no good here.
I couldn't agree more. We're the best team.
That's strange; you seem quite fond of him.
How do I know you're not just being polite when
you say it's nice to see me?
That's exactly what he's doing to us.
You'd do that for us?
So I was talking to my mom about our Pemberton
and Campbell situation.
Apparently, Old Testament God would bring down his wrath on
them for being deceitful, but New Testament God would forgive
them.
You know, I asked her that very question.
She said I was full of California sass. Oh, good,
you're all here. Uh, we're wrestling with an ethical question,
and perhaps you could help.
Ugh, why is this decision so hard?
Yes, but it may just be the Indian accent.
Of course. Unless you think we're not doing the right
thing.
You might think that if good people hold themselves to
unrealistically high ethical standards, then they might lose out to
their unscrupulous competitors.
No. No, I just thought if you thought we weren't
doing the right thing, that's why you might think that.
And I'd be right to point that out.
I love talking to you. It's like talking to me,
but with a girl voice.
Kudos on the meatballs. They're nice and round.
Yeah. They're much better than those prolate spheroids you used
to pass off as balls.
Are you all right? You seem distracted.
Is it what to get me for our anniversary? because
I'll give you a hint
Well, now that I know there's a thing to know,
I have to know. Can't help myself; I'm a fact
addict.
And that's a fact.
Leonard, I know what you're planning to do, and I
said I didn't want to do it.
Yeah, but it's still wrong.
Wait, what-- really? I thought we were just worried about
looking bad.
Okay. But I'm gonna go with my reason. Yours is
too complicated.
We didn't say we were going to buy you lunch.
Yes. Uh, we have proof that you plagiarized your thesis.
We invited them. That's the confusion over who's paying.
We're giving you this so that no one can use
it against you, because we want to win on our
own merits, not by tearing you down.
That was my iced tea.
Okay, can we help you?
Frankly, I don't know what Linda ever saw in either
of them.
Leonard, when are you leaving to pick your mother up
from the airport?
Your mom is the best. Oh, maybe I should pick
her up.
That's what makes you and me a great team. Go
get your keys.
I imagine that's one of the things we'll talk about
on the ride. That and Amy's recent reluctance to use
turn signals.
I call back seat.
Ah, Beverly, there you are.
Oh, yes, experimental physics, the carpentry of the science world.
Well... I'm here to rescue you from the boredom.
But...?
Oh. Well, if you want to see something really interesting,
I could show you my work, which is being talked
about for a Nobel Prize.
I'm looking over my text correspondence with Beverly and I
don't see anything that would have given her offense. Nothing's
ambiguous, I spell everything out. Including "laugh out loud" and
"what's the fracas?"
Well, then why would she rather spend the day with
Leonard?
Amy, I just feel like we're going in circles. You--
What? No knock? What's the fracas?
Oh, what a relief. I thought Beverly was mad at
me. Thank you, Leonard. That is a weight off my
shoulders.
Oh, great. Catch the two of you later.
Okay, but that excuse is running out of steam.
You sound like that now and she's not even here.
Hmm. It's too bad you didn't. Well, see? Compassion.
Six times ten to the eighth atoms Of a radium
in a lead jar. Six times ten to the eighth
atoms of radium If the half-life of radium should happen
to pass. Three times ten to the eighth atoms Of
a radium in a lead jar...
No, see, that's the beauty of half-lives
Mm, absolutely not, no. The Nobel committee will be making
the calls to inform the winners at any minute, so
the only drug I need is the endorphins pumping through
my brain in anticipation of our victory.
It's happening! Unknown caller. It's got to be them.
Hello?
Yes.
His Swedish accent was very convincing. This is it! What
do you want, Howard?
We haven't.
Oh, why don't we play a game to pass the
time? Here. Uh, I am thinking of a number. Hint
it's a cube of a cube of a prime.
What, you got somewhere to be?
We did it.
That's a good point. What if I'm dreaming? We won
the Nobel Prize!
And how does it feel to be married to a
Nobel Prize winner?
Oh. Amy-centric-- what a fun way to look at it.
You would. That makes sense. Ooh. Aw. It's a congratulations
text from my meemaw. Ooh. Oh, and there's one from
my mom. And my sister. Oh, and my brother. And
my brother's ex-wife. My brother's other ex-wife. Boy, they don't
tell you when you win a Nobel it chews up
your phone battery.
Nothing about me? Oh. Oh, it's your dad. I'm good.
You know, when you think about it, now that we're
Nobel Prize winners, our names will be linked together forever.
Oh, please. That's just a piece of paper. This is
a piece of paper and a medal.
Oh, I don't know. We're going to work like always.
I still put my pants on both legs at a
time.
Hmm. What kind of tea is appropriate for winning a
Nobel Prize and now everything is changing and you feel
unmoored from reality?
You know, this is something I've wanted my whole life.
But I guess I never considered how everything would be
different.
There's no Earl Grey! You filthy liar!
I like you better the way you were.
I don't care. Put it back.
Well, I don't!
I'm sorry. Amy is the one constant I can count
on, and now she's changing.
No, it's the last straw! I can't take any more!
This is a nightmare.
How did you get down here?
I-I need to be alone right now. Don't try to
follow me.
That'd be great. Thank you.
All this change is just too much. The reporters, the
attention at work, and now even Amy's changed. Whoa, whoa,
whoa. Slow down.
Are you gonna be able to drive me home?
It's just... all the times I thought about winning, I
never thought about how it would ch-- affect my life.
I'm sorry, I'm genuinely concerned about your liver.
Oh, you are a mean drunk.
More.
By this many.
It was the Avengers trailer.
That's true. And now there is a completely different woman
who botched my drink order. How hard is 65% Coke,
35% Diet Coke?
I do take your point. You know, you're also married,
you have a successful career, you no longer dress like
you're trying to attract sailors by the wharf.
Interesting. So you're saying the inevitability of change might be
a universal constant.
Oh. Hey, look, that's Bernadette.
I'll join you. Waitress, uh, 95% Hawaiian Punch, five percent
vodka.
You know what, 90/10!
Well, you know, the elevator did work when I moved
into the building. So going up and down the stairs
was a change, which means this would actually be a
return to the status quo. But, conversely, I think...
This is wild.
Carbon. Hydrogen. Carbon. Carbon. And last but not least, carbon.
Agreed.
I was trying to design the genetic code of an
advanced race of human being. One of my rare failures,
actually.
The balls kept sticking to my pants.
Hello.
Oh, don't slam the...
That was exhilarating.
What about the day you met me?
And then for years to come, you can tell others
you had a front-row seat to history. Although, technically, I
think your seats are in the second row.
Shouldn't I see it for the first time at the
Nobel ceremony?
Okay. Well, give me a minute to think of another
reason I don't want to see it.
Ah, great. You can help me whittle it down to
minutes.
Ready?
Your majesties, members of the Nobel Academy-- when I was
a young boy growing up in East Texas I always
knew I'd wind up on this stage, and everybody who
said I wouldn't looks pretty darn foolish right now. I'm
talking about you, high school science teacher Mr. Hubert Givens...
I'm trying to get my speech down to 90 minutes.
Welcome to my life.
Are you kidding? Growing up in the backwoods of East
Texas is what makes me warm and relatable.
I told them all they would rue the day. How
is it gonna make me look if the day finally
comes, and they're not filled with rue?
Amy, we won the Nobel Prize in Physics. Humility is
for people who win the goofy Nobels like Literature, Economics
and Peace.
Oh. I can cut it, but it's the only joke
I have. All right, bagels down. Before we head to
the airport, I'd like to go over a few things.
From the moment we step off the plane, each and
every one of you is an ambassador for Amy and
myself.
As such, your behavior must reflect the highest standards. Uh,
Raj. Bagel down.
Amy, why don't you kick us off.
Number one, in Sweden, punctuality is taken very seriously. In
other words, the loosey-goosey attitude in Helsinki will not fly
in Stockholm.
Yes, you're all encouraged to pair off and practice this
once we're in the air and the seat belt sign
is off. Yes, Penny?
Yes. And a reminder, Penny, there's free alcohol in business
class-- don't abuse it.
All right, well, we should head out now if we're
gonna get to the airport six hours before boarding. Excuse
me. Hello? What did we just learn about the end
of business meetings?
Well done. You know, you're proving to be an invaluable
part of my entourage.
That's the fourth time she's been to the bathroom in
the last two hours.
Her breakfast was binding. I made sure of that.
So she clearly has some sort of stomach distress. If
it's viral, we're all susceptible.
Yeah, but what if she's not? What if we get
what she has? What if we infect the King of
Sweden? That's how wars start. All right, that's it, this
is Outbreak and she's the monkey.
Leonard... we need to do something about your wife.
She is clearly sick, and she's gonna take us all
down with her.
She is, and I'm gonna catch it, and it's gonna
ruin the greatest day of my life.
Unclean! Unclean!
Tell me what?
You're right, I can't catch that. Good news, Amy. She's
just pregnant.
There's no need for a recap. I was there.
What would you like me to say?
Are congratulations even in order? I didn't think Penny wanted
children.
Oh, please, you couldn't upstage us. We won a Nobel
Prize. Any idiot can have a baby.
Case in point.
I'm sorry I didn't react appropriately. You and Penny are
bringing new life into the world. Congratulations. I can't wait
to meet it.
That's a gender-neutral pronoun. If you're offended, take it up
with the English language.
Yeah, well, pull it together. This is a big day
for me.
Well, I hate to say it, but I think everyone
is being incredibly selfish.
What does that mean?
How can you call them friends when they're abandoning us?
I didn't mean to.
Does that include you?
If you think about it, he has kind of been
our practice kid.
