It’s not what it looks like. It’s not what it
looks like.
Penny’s brain teaser this morning. She and Koothrappali emerge from
your bedroom. She is dishevelled, and Raj is dressed only
in a sheet. The sole clue, it’s not what it
looks like.
If I could, I would, but I can’t, so I
shan’t. Now, knowing Penny, the obvious answer is, they engaged
in coitus. But, since that’s what it looked like, we
can rule that out. Let’s put on our thinking cap,
shall we? Raj is from India, a tropical country. Third
World hygiene. Parasitic infections are common, such as pinworms. Mm-hmm.
The procedure for diagnosing pinworms is to wait until the
subject is asleep, and the worms crawl out of the
rectum for air. Yes, just like that. Penny could have
been inspecting Raj’s anal region for parasites. Oh, boy. That’s
a true blue friend.
No, you weren’t listening. She said, it’s not what it
looks like.
Oh. Well don’t I look silly sitting here wearing this?
Hey. Leonard, is it awkward for you knowing that one
of your dear friends had sexual intercourse with a woman
you used to love in the very place you lay
your head?
That sounds like sarcasm, but I’m going to disregard it,
because I have an agenda. Paintball. Specifically, the interdepartmental tournament
this weekend. Now, in order to function better as a
fighting unit, I thought we should establish a chain of
command. Now, it goes without saying that I would outrank
the three of you, but the question remains, by how
much? Now, I don’t see me as some four-star general,
back at HQ riding a desk and playing golf with
the Secretary of Defence. But I also can’t be Sergeant
Cooper, because that might lead you to think of me
as just a regular Joe. This might take some thought.
As you were.
Gentlemen, if I may interject, I’ve decided my rank will
be captain. If it’s good enough for Kirk, Crunch and
Kangaroo, it’s good enough for me.
For the record, I do have genitals. They’re functional and
aesthetically pleasing.
Subtlety isn’t her strong suit, is it?
Who said that? Leonard, I can hear your voice, but
I can’t see you.
Oh, there you are. Leonard, I know you’re upset about
recent events, and I have someone here to help.
No, it’s not Amy.
Oh, Leonard, is it really necessary to caption the obvious?
All right, this is a Google Earth view of the
field of battle.
Give it a second to load. Whenever you’re ready, AT&T!
Okay, here we go. This is us here. To the
south is Professor Loomis and the Geology Department. According to
their Twitter feed, they’re out of sunblock, which means they’ll
have to hug the tree line or risk melanoma. That’s
our edge. All we have to do is move quickly
over this ridge, the rock-worshipping pasty-faced bastards won’t know what
hit them. All right, let’s move out.
You can’t quit. That’s a court-martial offence. That’s punishable by…
You can’t quit.
This is a game to you? Uh, was the Battle
of Antietam a game? Huh? Was the sack of Rome
a game?
Wait. I just want you all to know that I
forgive you. This mutiny isn’t your fault, it’s mine. I
haven’t earned these bars. Although what I lack in leadership,
apparently I more than make up for in sewing.
No. Jamba Juice is for heroes. And that’s what we’re
going to be.
Following in the footsteps of Kirk, Crunch and Kangaroo. Geology
isn’t a real science!
If there’s ever a Church of Sheldon, this will be
when it started. Ow!
Excuse me. It’s Major Sheldon Cooper. With my last breath,
I awarded myself a battlefield promotion. It’s kind of a
big deal.
What about Nebraska?
Have you ever thought of teaching physics?
What are you doing?
It’s eight o’clock in the morning in Mumbai. How can
she have dinner?
All right, so technically it’s not a dinner date. I
suppose you could call it a, uh, dinfast date. But
if you did, you’d open yourself to peer-based mocking, such
as, Hey, Leonard, how was your dinfast with Priya last
night?
You didn’t let me finish. Dinfas. Are those soy-based candles?
Paraffin candles may contain carcinogens. Unless lung cancer is the
ambiance you were going for at your dinfast. Dinfast.
Oh, yes, Priya. Leonard, you know I make a point
of never interfering in your personal affairs.
As well you should. But I’m going to make an
exception here.
Priya has moved back to India to pursue her law
career. Instead of desperately trying to keep this intercontinental relationship
alive, you could use that time to take up a
hobby.
Yes. I read recently about a fellow in Kansas with
an enormous ball of twine. I bet you could give
him a run for his money.
When I rise to power, those people will be sterilized.
Don’t you like Amy?
Well, there’s the difference.
I miss the old days when your romantic partners could
be returned to the video store.
Thanks for letting me stay here while Leonard Skypes with
his girlfriend.
If we were an old married couple, the wife would
serve iced tea and snickerdoodles.
A good wife would go to the store.
Good. On the way to see the lawyer, pick up
some tea and cookies. I must say, I am enjoying
your new chair.
It is. Aligns the lumbar, cradles the coccyx, balances the
buttocks. This is a chair worthy of the name.
Chair.
What?
Oh, dear. Oh, dear. Oh, dear.
I’ve been sitting in garbage!
You take it easy! I need to use your shower.
There’s a wet Band-Aid on the shower floor.
Oh, Leonard, good. There you are. I need you to
check my head for chair lice.
Yes, I did. And now they’re cavorting at the base
of my hair follicles like dancing hippies at the Redwood
National Forest.
Name one time I’ve ever done that.
I said, name one. You really need to work on
your listening skills.
Penny. Penny. Penny.
You need to remove that chair from the building. It’s
a health hazard.
Really?
It certainly looks okay. Has a strong toxic chemical smell.
That’s reassuring.
All right. It is a comfortable chair.
No, thank you.
Penny. Penny. Penny.
You have to get rid of the chair.
Penny. Penny. Penny.
For your safety, please wait in my apartment as I
call the authorities so they may remove the chair of
death.
Penny. Penny. Penny.
Under my authority as a self-appointed member of the Centres
for Disease Control street team, these premises are condemned. As
a man with a keen sense of style, I must
tell you, that chair does not work with the room.
Penny. Penny. Penny.
If your video’s frozen, try resetting the TCP/IP stack.
You’re welcome. Please let me know when you and your
girlfriend are done hogging the bandwidth for your self-abuse. I’m
trying to stream a movie on Netflix in here.
Amy. Amy. Amy.
Is not. Is not, is not.
Thank you.
No.
No.
You’re good friends with Penny, right?
I was hoping she might listen to you about the
dangers of owning unhygienic furniture.
Cholera is water-borne. You’re mocking me.
Penny has dragged a chair in off the street whose
unknown provenance jeopardizes the health and welfare of every resident
in our building.
All right, name your price.
You mean like Salt Lake City?
Thank you.
No. I dislike the sound of the harp. Its overuse
in classic television sitcoms always makes me think I’m going
to experience an episode from my past. I’m sorry, Mommy.
Don’t be mad at me. Don’t do that!
Penny, a moment. We just had Thai food. In that
culture, the last morsel is called the krengjai piece, and
it is reserved for the most important and valued member
of the group.
I’ve seen pictures of your mother, keep eating.
Wait. Uh, which is closer to the new train store
in Monrovia, the movie theatre or the Cheesecake Factory?
Oh, well, then I guess it doesn’t matter which one
of you drives me. Let’s play a fun guessing game
to see who gets to take me. All right, this
four-letter word describes either a printer’s type size or a
compulsion to eat dirt.
No, Penny, don’t give up, you can get this.
Oh, I’m not buying anything. They’re having a lecture. H-O
gauge railroading. Half the size of O-gauge, but twice the
fun. Very controversial topic.
I’ll let you know after tonight. Unlike some people, I’m
going in with an open mind. Who am I kidding?
Of course we all know it’s O-gauge or no gauge.
Howard, I think I can help here. Yes, Bernadette, that’s
exactly what he thinks.
Okay, everybody calm down. There is a simple solution here.
Raj, take me to the train store, and then I
don’t care what you people do.
Well, you can add Jerry’s Junction to the list of
train stores Sheldon Cooper will never set foot in again.
You don’t know the half of it. It was billed
as a lively give-and-take on the merits of model train
sizes. But it was actually a set-up to intimidate weak-minded
spineless rubes into buying H-O starter sets.
I don’t want to talk about it. But it’s not
a spine,I’ll tell you that.
Not my fault. You said there’d be other scientists there
my age.
Ha-ha, you have to go to a wedding.
All this years, I’ve been so wrong. The tinier the
train, the more concentrated the fun.
Better than James Bond, because he’s tinier.
All aboard! Woo-woo! It’s official. I’m an H-O trainiac.
Leonard. Check it out. I bought an N-gauge locomotive. Half
the size of H-O. Look, it fits in my mouth.
I did. How was yours?
What exactly do you mean by that?
To send a message. She is not for you.
Not for you!
The entrance to the dungeon is a moss covered door.
You manage to open it only to find yourself face-to-face
with a hideous, foul-smelling, moss-covered ogre. What do you do?
Seventeen. The ogre is amused by your joke and allows
you to pass. By the by, I liked it, too.
You see a dragon.
When you play Chutes and Ladders, do you complain about
all the chutes and all the ladders?
Gentlemen, please focus. You’re facing a fire-breathing dragon.
Because you don’t have a girlfriend? Well, good Lord, if
that becomes a reason not to play Dungeons and Dragons,
this game’s in serious trouble.
One moment. I’m conducting an experiment.
Yes. From here on in, I’ve decided to make all
trivial decisions with a throw of the dice, thus freeing
up my mind to do what it does best, enlighten
and amaze. Page 14, item seven.
A side of corn succotash. Hmm. Interesting.
Let’s see what I’ll be washing that succotash down with.
A pitcher of margaritas.
That’s the great thing. It doesn’t matter. My mind is
freed up to think about more important things.
Hamburgers and lemonade.
And now for dessert, come on, hot fudge sundae, come
on, hot fudge sundae. Bam! That’s what I’m talking about!
Don’t thank me. Thank the dice. They told me what
percentage of my face to shave.
Because it’s working. In the past few weeks, unburdened by
trivial decisions, I’ve co-authored two papers in notable peer-reviewed journals,
and I’m close to figuring out why the Large Hadron
Collider has yet to isolate the Higgs boson particle.
The dice giveth and the dice taketh away.
Me neither.
Yeah, I actually have information about Raj that would be
helpful with this discussion.
Let’s see. Snake eyes. Sorry, bud.
Okay, get this. It doesn’t matter if he’s showering her
with gifts, because the Koothrappalis are vastly wealthy.
Well, wealthy means a lot of money, and vastly means
even more. I’m not sure what’s tripping you up.
No, you’re wrong. See, as you know, a few years
ago, I achieved one of my lesser dreams and became
a notary public. Well, from time to time, I notarize
banking documents for Raj. The Koothrappalis aren’t just rich, they’re
Richie Rich rich.
About halfway between Bruce Wayne and Scrooge McDuck.
Can’t figure out what to do? I remember those days.
Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to… stay right
here.
Should I use the rest room or wait until we
get home? Come on, papa needs to void his bladder.
Oh, that’s not what you want to see after three
buttermilks.
Hurry, hurry, hurry.
I don’t know. If we’re going to start a fantasy
sword collection, and I’ve long thought we should, is this
really the sword to start with?
Well, off the top of my head, I’d have to
go with Excalibur. It gives you the right to rule
England.
Fair enough. It’d give you the right to rule a
replica of England.
Mm. Tough decision. There’s no weaponry from Lord of the
Rings, forged in a Chinese sweatshop?
Two grown men with a hobbit’s dagger; wouldn’t we look
silly? Okay, let’s go for it.
Okay? It’s magnificent.
Only 8,000? We’re wasting precious time. Buy it.
Oh, did you hear that? We’re getting the friends and
family discount. We are honoured and we will take it.
What are you doing? Two fifty is already the discounted
price.
Take it, take it.
Killing you? I can’t breathe.
Oh, now, we can’t let him lose money, Leonard. I’m
so sorry.
I’ve long said, what you lack in academic knowledge you
make up for in street smarts.
Hello, Wil Wheaton.
It’s part of my sword collection. Do you have a
sword collection?
I’m not surprised.
Sucker. Didn’t even ask for the friends and family discount.
I see what you’re doing. You accept an invitation to
a party at the home of my sworn enemy, he
tells everyone we’re going to be there, and when we
don’t show, he looks the fool. Fiendishly clever.
And then declaring the party a fiasco and storming out,
leaving him humiliated in front of his guests. Love it.
Possibly.
It’s not that simple, Leonard.
At this moment, our relationship exists in two mutually contradictory
states. Until you either do not go or go to
Wil Wheaton’s party, you are simultaneously my friend and not
my friend. I’m characterizing this phenomenon as Schrodinger’s Friendship.
Of course. Now get it yourself, you traitor.
In case you have forgotten, Schrodinger’s cat is a thought
experiment…
Wow.
Mohammed Lee.
Mohammed is the most common first name in the world,
Lee, the most common surname. As I didn’t know the
answer, I thought that gave me a mathematical edge.
Cheers.
That was a lovely toast. Kudos.
Simultaneously, a festival of cloying clichés. You sicken me.
Don’t talk to me as if nothing’s happened between us.
And yes, it sure is, buddy.
Would you prefer a simpler application of Heisenberg’s uncertainty principle,
in which I could either know where you are or
whether I like you, but not both?
In fact, I have 61 of them. Would you like
to see the list?
You just got off the list. Would you like back
on it? This’ll just take a moment. It’s on a
five and a quarter inch floppy.
Well, I started the list when I was nine.
As a child, I loved Wesley Crusher, Wil Wheaton’s character
on Star Trek. So, I drove for hours by bus
to a Star Trek convention at which Wil Wheaton was
scheduled to appear, so that I could get my Wesley
Crusher action figure signed. But he never showed, because apparently,
it was cooler for him to be the lower-left corner
on Hollywood Squares. Oh, damn! The floppy failed. Well, whoever
was in charge of quality control at the Verbatim Corporation
in 1989, congratulations, you just made the list.
Interesting. You see betrayal in others, but not yourself.
Oh, of course you would have to believe that. Evil
always thinks it’s doing right. Excuse me, Stormtrooper. These are
the droids you’re looking for.
Not yet.
No, Leonard, this is your last chance. One day, a
historian is going to come to you and say, is
it true you were friends with Dr. Sheldon Cooper? And
you’re going to have to choke back a hot sob
of regret and humiliation as you mumble, I was, but
I chose to go to a party thrown by the
one kid from Stand By Me that no one remembers.
Oh, good. You picked me, you picked me.
Brent Spiner?
I don’t care.
I did, but I think I’ve kind of outgrown Star
Trek. You know, stock characters, ludicrous plots, beam me up.
What a load of hooey.
Yeah, even that. You look like a dork.
Fighting for our friendship. As peculiar and annoying as you
can be, you’re still my little buddy. I’m not going
to let that end here tonight. Now put down that
drink, let’s meet Brent Spiner and go home.
What I’d like is for him to have a more
depressing home. This is quite lovely.
An original mint-in-package Wesley Crusher action figure.
To Sheldon, sorry this took so long. Your friend, Wil
Wheaton.
Look, everyone. Wil Wheaton is my friend!
Brent Spiner, what have you done? That was an original
mint-in-package Wesley Crusher action figure signed by my close personal
friend, Wil Wheaton.
You’ve already signed something, Brent Spiner. Your name on my
list. From this moment on, you are my mortal enemy.
Come on, buddy. Let’s not waste another second on this
loser. Love your house.
Well, Mom, if I did, it would be conclusive proof
that your God can work miracles.
Frankly, Mom, I’m encouraged to see how advanced your group
has become, willing to sail out into the ocean without
fear of falling off the edge.
The Lord giveth and the Lord bloweth away. Well, Mom,
according to my itinerary for our weekend together, the fun
begins with fried chicken.
Good, ’cause I got you everything you need to make
it. You are in for a treat. My mother’s fried
chicken is why we had to buy my dad the
extra large coffin.
Of course she does. Making me food is her way
of saying I love you. Making me food when she’s
too tired to cook is her way of saying I
really love you.
Won’t that spoil our appetites for the chicken you’re going
to make me?
There’s a lot of harm in trying something new. That’s
why we test out drugs and cosmetics on bunny rabbits.
Told you.
Stop yelling! I’m not happy about this.
The prospect of fried chicken.
Well, there’s actually big news on the Amy front. She’s
been studying the neurobiology of addiction in lower animals. She
is this close to getting a starfish hooked on cocaine.
And that reminds me of another saying. You can lead
a chicken to Crisco, but you can’tmake your mother fry
it.
I don’t know. Lately we’ve been talking about converting it
into a missile silo.
Get them before they get us.
Mom, you remember Rajesh? Rajesh, my mother.
Oh, yes, born alone, die alone. It’s a tragic human
condition. Now, Raj, if you’ll excuse my mother, she’s about
to make a pecan pie that’ll be so good I’ll
almost forget how she blew it with the fried chicken.
Offer them a hot beverage.
Coffee.
I’m not going to get my pecan pie, am I?
Double Stuf?
Nice. Kick a man when he’s down.
I’m glad we’re finally getting to do something together, just
the two of us.
Careful, you’re using too much Downey. You know if my
clothes get too soft it makes me sleepy.
It is nice, isn’t it?
It was in my weekly e-mail blast. Right between beet
season is finally here, and uh-oh, red stool from beets
leads to cancer scare.
Yes, Penny has a lot of her money tied up
in promiscuity futures.
Now that will not be in this week’s e-mail blast.
I’ve got a treat for us tomorrow, Mom. I’m taking
you to see Saul Perlmutter give a lecture about his
Nobel Prize-winning work in cosmology. And the best part is,
at the Q and A afterward, I’ve worked up a
couple of Q’s that will stump his sorry A.
What sight is better than your little boy embarrassing a
Nobel laureate?
What do I say? I say you people need to
stop ruining my mom’s visit with your sushi, and your
sadness and your slutty shirts. Stop it.
Mom, I want to apologize for my behaviour last night.
Great. Now, you’re going to love the Perlmutter lecture. Look,
he will be stating that the universe is older than
6,000 years, but I thought you could stick your fingers
in your ears and hum Amazing Grace during those parts.
But I apologized. And that was hard for me because
I didn’t do anything wrong.
I’m not going, and you can’t make me.
Well, I’m going to stand here until you change your
mind.
I can’t believe my own mother is abandoning me.
We appear to be at a crossroads in our relationship,
Mother.
All right, Mom. When you’re at the Ripley’s Believe It
Or Not Museum, if they have an exhibit about a
mother who threw away a chance to spend the day
with the world’s most wonderful son, believe it, because it’s
true.
That lecture was a waste of time. I made more
accurate diagrams of the expansion of the early universe on
the nursery wall with the contents of my diaper.
No, I’m just allergic to people who get Nobel Prizes
for no good reason.
No. Or to use the clinical term, nuh-uh.
Oh, there it is. It always comes back to monkeys
with you. Just monkeys, monkeys, monkeys.
Are you trying to suggest that my emotional problems are
no different than those of a stupid person?
Oh, yes, the common cold. Just like everyone else. You’d
love that, wouldn’t you?
Look at the two of us. Me, a highly regarded
physicist. The kind of mind that comes along once, maybe
twice in a generation. You, the common man, tired from
your labours as a stockbroker, or vacuum cleaner salesman, or
bootblack. But deep down inside, apparently we’re just two peas
in a pod. A regular pea, and the kind of
pea that comes along once, maybe twice in a generation.
Rain. Another great equalizer. Falling on the head of the
brilliant and the unremarkable alike. Smarty-pants.
I need a tissue.This one got wet.
Thank you. Yeah, I’ve learned something today. You and I,
in so many ways, other than intelligence and what counts,
we’re the same.
I hope so, because if this is well, life isn’t
worth living.
Okay.
And just to be clear, only her baby and not
these other people.
Can I have tea with honey and toast with the
crust cut off?
Thanks, Mom.You’re the best.
I know, it filled in last year. I didn’t get
to spend a lot of time with you on this
visit.
Yours.
No, we don’t. The one we have works great.
Or maybe I’m part of a new species, that lives
for hundreds of years, which means I’m still basically a
toddler.
Does this mean you’re not going to sing Soft Kitty?
Get out!
Well, I know, but he means well. Sing.
What are you trying to pull, Mom? From the top.
And reverse the spin on the antiproton, and gamma becomes
alpha, multiplied by a matrix of negative I comma zero,
and there we have it. Conclusive proof that I am
absolutely worthless after nine o’clock.
Hmm. All right, all right. I see what’s going on.
A little pre-Halloween hijinkery. A ghostly moan, a rattling of
chains, a witch’s cackle. The trifecta of haunted house clichés.
Instead of eek, I say yawn.
Oh, the walls are dripping blood, which looks nothing like
a phenolphthalein indicator exposed to a sodium carbonate solution. See
you in hell Sheldon. The most frightening thing about that
is the missing comma. Ah. Okay, all right. That one
was clever. Skeleton with phosphorous on a zip line. Come
on out, merry pranksters. Take a bow.
Yes, there’s nothing quite like the slightly widened eyes of
mildly startled.
Please, fright depends on an element of surprise. The simple
fact is, because I am much smarter than you, and
able to anticipate your actions, it is highly unlikely that
you two rubes could ever surprise me. (Leonard creeps out
behind him wearing a Star Trek Balok mask)
Gentlemen.
Droll.
Yes, enjoy your japes, gentlemen. You think you’ve poked fun
at a milquetoast academic. Well, you’ve forgotten one thing. I
am also a son of the Lone Star state. I’m
Texas through and through. And we know how to settle
scores down there. If you doubt me, ask Mexico.
Be sure to check the mail.
Nothing. It’s not suspicious that I’m fixating. It’s consistent with
my personality.
Leonard doesn’t have time to chat, he has to get
the mail.
Open the mail!
Oh, dear. Oh, dear. Oh, dear, oh, dear. Oh, dear,
oh, dear. Oh, dear. Oh, dear. Purell, Purell, Purell, Purell.
It is, isn’t it? Oh, bother. Isn’t that just always
the way? You go to staple something, and you’re out
of staples. Gosh, I wish I’d known that earlier today
when I was at Staples.
well, no, no, I need something more permanent to join
these papers. Say, don’t you keep staples in your top
desk drawer?
Be a lamb and check.
It’s a snake. A terrifying snake.
Stop talking like that. You’ve been rendered speechless by fear.
I tried to scare an Indian with a snake. Come
on, Cooper. You’re better than this.
Hello, Howard. I’ve realized that you scaring me was all
in jest. Allow me to say, job well done. Perfect.
Science. You wouldn’t understand.
I thought you were leaving the apartment.
Are you concerned because the world is filled with big
dogs and bullies?
Well, if it’s of any help, I’ve read all the
great moral philosophers, including Dr. Seuss.
All right. So the topic at hand is sexual fidelity.
Probably won’t be relying on Seuss here. Although One Fish,
Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish might be surprisingly applicable.
Go on.
You know, the German philosopher, Friedrich Nietzsche, believed that morality
is just a fiction used by the herd of inferior
human beings to hold back the few superior men.
It’s worth noting that he died of syphilis.
On your way home, will you pick up some orange
juice?
Is one of those things your fondness for orange juice?
Great. Tropicana, no pulp.
It’s me, Sheldon, Mrs. Wolowitz.
Really? That’s very unsettling.
Hi.
It just occurred to me that I never formally congratulated
you on your pending nuptials. So I hopped on the
first bus and hightailed it down here to shake your
hand. Put ‘er there, you old so-and-so.
Holy smoke, why didn’t I think of that? You’re a
better man than I, Howard Wolowitz. You put ‘er there,
you son of a gun!
It was a harmless Halloween prank. Look.
Well, I thought he made that up. Isn’t hypochondria a
common idiosyncrasy of Jewish people?
We are?
Oh, no! I can’t!
Okay.
Oh, God! One, two, three!
What? No. You mean this was all a ruse? Oh,
how could I be so stu…
Bazinga, punk. Now we’re even.
Ladies, please. These four walls once housed an intellectual salon
where the mind received nourishment as well as the stomach.
But through no one’s fault, Penny, the quality of dinner
conversation in this apartment has declined. And again, I’m looking
at no one in particular, Penny.
I’ve prepared a number of topics that should appeal to
both the advanced and novice conversationalists.
Topic one. Faster-than-light particles at CERN, paradigm-shifting discovery or another
Swiss export as full of holes as their cheese? And
converse.
You’re leaving?
Ah. New topic. Women, delightfully mysterious or bat-crap crazy?
She popped by to borrow a cup of mad cow
disease.
Can we? Stand back while I turn this conversation into
a conver-sensation.
I have 100 alphabetized topics from artichoke, come on, people,
it’s just a giant thistle, to zzz, the onamona-poetry of
sleep.
What?
Sorry. I’m a little distracted. I can’t seem to get
in touch with Amy. I tried e-mail, video chat, tweeting
her, posting on her Facebook wall, texting her, nothing.
The telephone. You know, Leonard, in your own simple way,
you may be the wisest of us all. Voice mail.
Curiouser and curiouser.
Okay. You know, I heard in the news a bobcat
has been spotted in her neighbourhood.
Who thinks Amy was eaten by a bobcat?
Leonard, I was just mentioning an interesting local news item.
Now, thanks to you, I’m worried Amy’s been eaten by
a bobcat.
How can I? You won’t stop talking about it.
She sounds weepy. I don’t like weepy. Let’s go.
Where are you going?
You didn’t respond to any of my electronic communications.
Would you like to talk about it? And keep in
mind that no is a perfectly viable answer.
Point of order. As you’re in distress, it would be
customary for me to offer you a hot beverage. But
I’m a guest in your home, so it would be
customary for you to offer me a beverage. How do
you want to proceed vis-a-vis beverages?
If you’d like to take your mind off what’s troubling
you, uh, word on the street is a bobcat has
been spotted.
And that made you feel sad?
I knew it. Just keep going, I guess I’m good
at this.
When they were over here, did you fail to offer
them a beverage? ‘Cause I can see how that could
stick in someone’s craw.
Always.
Oh, boy. You know ours is a relationship of the
mind.
Counterproposal. I will gently stroke your head and repeat, aw,
who’s a good Amy.
Neck massage, then you get me that beverage.
Very well. Oh, boy.
The two of you need to get your women in
line!
Last night I was strong-armed into an evening of harp
music and spooning with an emotional Amy Farrah Fowler. This
on a night that I had originally designated for solving
the space-time geometry in higher-spin gravity and building my Lego
Death Star. And why? Your gal pals, Penny and Bernadette,
went out shopping for some wedding nonsense without Amy, an
action they took with no thought or regard as to
how it would affect me, the future of string theory
or my Lego fun time.
You clearly weren’t listening to my topic sentence, get your
women in line! You make them apologize to Amy and
set things right. I am a man of science, not
someone’s snuggle bunny!
You invited her to lunch four years ago. Everything about
her is on you, you make it so!
Did you know that when Alexander Graham Bell invented the
telephone, he proposed answering it with ahoy? Ahoy. I like
it. Amy? Is that you? Have you been drinking? I’m
sorry, I bet my sweet what? Well, all right. We’re
on our way.
It would seem Amy is drunk in a liquor store
parking lot.
Leonard, be glad you can’t keep a woman. They are
a handful.
Yes, Cuddles. We cuddled. Grow up, Leonard.
I’m begging both of you, please, let’s go.
Oh, dear Lord, get away from me, you monster!
Shoo, shoo! Be gone!
There’s a bird outside the window, and he won’t go
away. That is the hell that is going on. We
have no worms or seeds here. Shoo, shoo.
It’s called ornithophobia. And someday it will be recognized as
a true disability, and the landlord will be required by
law to put a giant net over the building. Which
is unfortunate, because I have a fear of nets.
That doesn’t help.
Go away, bird. Go away, bird. Go away, bird.
Good idea. Attention is what birds want. Oh, much better.
All right. Now I’ll just get along with my life.
Make a pot of tea, Leonard. It’s going to be
a long night.
Quick, what does a hawk sound like?
Please, that’s a seagull. If you’re not going to help,
don’t help.
It depends on the activity. For a prostate exam, yes.
If you’re playing Vegas, I’d add sequins.
Do you think it’s a date?
Or you might think she thinks you think it’s a
date even though she doesn’t.
Not at all.
Really? A blazer? All right. Yes, hello. This is Dr.
Sheldon Cooper. Yeah, I’m at 2311 North Robles Avenue. Yeah,
I’d like to report a dangerous wild animal. A blue
jay. I’m sorry, this is Animal Control. I don’t understand
the laughter. No, the bird is not in my home.
If he was in my home, I obviously would have
called 911. Sir, I have no doubt that there are
things that you’re frightened of. Being stuck in a dead-end
public service job? Or your wife stepping out on you
because you’re stuck in a dead-end public service job? Or
spiders? Don’t you think I tried making cat noises?
For an audience with the queen, yes. For an evening
of passing a bottle of fortified wine around a flaming
trash can, you look great. What am I thinking? Whiskers!
A minute.
This would go a lot faster if you put your
trade school diploma to work and helped me set up
this high frequency tone generator.
Yeah, but you’ve got a can-do attitude and that’s what’s
important.
The question you should be asking is what is their
problem with me? My first memory, a hummingbird dive-bombing my
stroller to get at the apple juice in my sippy
cup.
Hummingbirds are the vampires of the flower world.
Age seven, a blood-thirsty chicken chases me up a tree.
Age twelve, a magpie tries to steal the retainer out
of my mouth. Age sixteen, a parrot in a pet
store called me fat ass. Need I go on?
It’s not a death ray. It’s just a little ultrasonic
blast to scare him off. Trust me, if I had
a death ray, I wouldn’t be living here. I’d be
in my lair enjoying the money the people of Earth
gave me for not using my death ray. All right,
and in three, two, one.
This is ridiculous. I’m a grown man from Texas. This
isn’t a terrifying bird like a swan or a goose.
It’s just a blue jay. That’s a pretty big blue
jay. One, two, three. Go! Shoo! Am-scray, ird-bay! Bird in
the apartment! Bird in the apartment! No!
You’re biologists. Biology is the study of living things. That’s
a living thing, get cracking.
Oh, come now. Your undergraduate work must have included a
varmints and critters class.
No, Bernadette, don’t be a hero!
Yes. It’s very sweet. Now, slowly and carefully, flush him
down the toilet.
Every year tens of people around the world are killed
by birds. I’m not going to be another statistic.
I did it! I actually did it. Okay, now flush
him.
It’s remarkable. All that time spent in fear. And for
what? He’s magnificent. Oh, dear. I just realized I haven’t
offered you a beverage.
My phone’s on the desk over there. Take a picture
of us together. Make it good enough to go on
a mug, a mouse pad, and a calendar. If you
were a dove, I’d call you Lovey-Dovey. Oh. Who am
I kidding? This isn’t a moment for strict adherence to
the literal. You’re just my little Lovey-Dovey, aren’t you?
Yes. It should have a big picture of him, and
the words, is this your bird? Not anymore. We’re going
to have so much fun together. You can carry messages
to all my enemies. I can tie a string to
your leg and fly you like a kite.
Nonsense. No. Lovey-Dovey doesn’t sleep in a cage. No. Lovey-Dovey
sleeps in his very own nest, which I’m going to
get off the windowsill and put in my room. Isn’t
that right, LD? No. Where are you going? Come back,
Lovey-Dovey! This is your home now! I already ordered 20
pounds of bird feed off of Amazon! He’s gone.
How could he do this to me? Get back here,
you stupid bird, so I can love you!
Mine was great. I’m going to be a mommy.
Well? What do you think of New Comic Book Night?
Magic, huh?
Well, A, comic books employ storytelling through sequential art, a
medium that dates back 17,000 years to the cave paintings
of Lascaux, and B, you play the harp. Like that’s
cool.
I know what this is about. Given the professional standstill
you’re at, you’re wondering if this is the appropriate time
to abandon your research and focus on teaching. Yes. And
if I may suggest, consider changing disciplines. Yeah, to the
humanities, perhaps history. One of the advantages of teaching history
is that you don’t have to create things, you know,
you just have to remember stuff that happened and then
parrot it back. You could have fun with that.
Oh, of course he is. She’s very interesting. Did you
know, when she was 14, she severed the webbing between
her own toes?
I’m not sure how to respond, Leonard. I don’t own
Amy. Can’t own a person. At least not since? 1863.
President Lincoln freed the? Slaves! Come on Leonard, if you’re
going to teach history, these are the kind of facts
you’ll have to know.
The question is moot. There is no way that Stuart,
an impoverished peddler of picture books, would be at all
appealing to Amy Farrah Fowler, a noted neurobiologist capable of
performing surgery on her own feet with nothing but nitrous
oxide from cans of whipped cream as anesthesia.
Fine. The record shall so reflect. Now, getting back to
the problem at hand, what to do with a washed-up
experimental physicist.
Oh, Leonard. Lots of people love you and want to
help you, but they can’t until you admit the problem.
Where’s Stuart?
Who are you?
Oh, I guess I was wrong.
Am I okay? Leonard, I’m on a lifelong trajectory that
includes a Nobel Prize and cities named after me, all
four wisdom teeth fit comfortably in my mouth without need
of extraction, and my bowel movements run like a German
train schedule. Am I okay?
Flaming Spittoon. And for the record, I’m very disappointed in
you cowpokes. We’re playing our inaugural round of Wild West
and Witches, and I’m the only one who bothered to
dress for the occasion. (Spits into a spittoon) Patooie.
And I suppose my boots and spurs are ridiculous, too?
Did it look ridiculous when we got the Satanimals pack
and I dressed up as a Beelzebobcat?
All right, fine. Let’s just play.
Cluck, cluck, cluck. What are we, ladies at a quilting
bee? Or are we men playing a fantasy card game
set in a magical frontier town?
And may I point out it is the three of
you who are obsessed with Stuart and Amy, not me.
I think you need to ask yourselves who’s really being
ridiculous here.
I’m in the matrix, Leonard, I see everything.
Don’t be silly. I’m a fan of anything that tries
to replace actual human contact.
Really? You think I care if a man, what, shared
a pumpkin latte with a dynamite lady?
You are free to believe whatever you like. And unfriend
Rajesh Koothrappali.
And unfriend Leonard Hofstadter.
And unfriend Howard Wolowitz.
Why?
Penny.
Penny.
Penny.
Thank you.
I came to ask if you would like to go
on a date with me.
A date. You and me. Dining, dancing, perhaps you’d like
to take in a prizefight.
No. Why is everyone so obsessed with Amy and Stuart?
And whether or not they may be having more pumpkin
lattes or intercourse tonight.
I am not trying to get her back. But, out
of curiosity, what is a way?
I believe I do.
I’m the guy.
Are you sure? That would explain so much. Your constant
presence in my apartment, that baffling dalliance with Leonard just
to be near me, the way you call me sweetie
all the time.
You tramp.
Strap on a pair? Of what, skates?
Excuse me. Excuse me. Pardon me. Pardon me. Excuse me.
Hi, Stuart.
Pardon me. Excuse me.
The thought of you sitting in a darkened theatre with
a character like Stuart is repellent. No offence, Stuart.
Stuart, please. You’re being rude.
I believe I would like to alter the paradigm of
our relationship.
With the understanding that nothing changes whatsoever, physical or otherwise,
I would not object to us no longer characterizing you
as not my girlfriend.
You’re being impossible.
Fine. Amy, will you be my girlfriend?
Well, that’s enough of that. Sorry to interrupt. You two
enjoy your date. Here’s a dollar for your troubles. Get
yourself some Sour Patch Kids.
Amy. Amy. Amy. Let’s wrap things up out there.
Take the hint, Stuart. The lady said good night.
Wow. Is that the kind of nagging I can expect
now that you’re my girlfriend? Good thing I drew this
up.
I present to you the relationship agreement. A binding covenant
that, in its 31 pages, enumerates, iterates and codifies the
rights and responsibilities of Sheldon Lee Cooper, here and after
known as the boyfriend, and Amy Farrah Fowler, here and
after known as the girlfriend.
Mutual indemnification always is. Why don’t you start perusing while
I set up my notary stamp.
Feel free to retain a lawyer.
Penny. Amy. Bernadette.
I got a splinter.
Relationship agreement Section 4, Boo-boos and Ouchies. You have to
take care of it.
I believe that you’re capable of great change. Like when
I finally got you to stop saying Valentimes Day.
In the year 2000, Pope John Paul II was named
an honorary Harlem Globetrotter.
You asked Penny if she wanted to hear something weird.
Oh. I thought it was a game.
Okay, Penny, if it were a game, here are your
choices. An e-mail from an old acquaintance, or the head
of one of the largest religious institutions in the world
slam dunking to Sweet Georgia Brown. Pick.
And that’s how it’s done.
Is this the fellow who peed in your Hawaiian Punch?
Was he the one who wedgied you so hard, your
testicle reascended, and you spent your whole Christmas break waiting
for it to come back down?
Was he the one who used your head to open
a nut?
Oh, oh, oh. Was he the one who made you
eat your arm hair?
You know, the holidays are just around the corner. Maybe
he wants to see if he can lodge the other
testicle up there.
Nobel Prize acceptance ceremony streaming live from Stockholm.
Look at these men. They’ve managed to win the top
science prize in the world with no more understanding of
the quantum underpinnings of the expansion of the early universe
than God gave a goose. You should pay attention, Leonard.
Someday this could be you up there.
So, what’s got you up? Did you have a bad
clam?
I don’t watch you 24 hours a day. I don’t
know what you do.
Wear loafers. Look at Dr. Saul Perlmutter up there, clutching
that Nobel Prize. What’s the matter, Saul? You afraid someone’s
going to steal it? Like you stole Einstein’s cosmological constant?
Oh, now Perlmutter’s shaking the King’s hand. Yeah, check for
your watch, Gustaf. He might have lifted it.
And there’s the first zinger. Ouch.
Congratulations? The Newcomb medal? Oh, please. That’s the scientific equivalent
of a smiley face sticker on your homework.
Oh, good Lord, are we going to stand here and
listen to him tear Leonard apart like this?
My point.
Technically, Howard’s the gear head. Leonard’s just a dime store
laser jockey.
The smartest? All right, you know, I may not have
a firm grasp on sarcasm, but even I know that
was a doozy. Leonard, you can’t live in fear of
this man forever.
You clearly don’t. What my spineless friend lacks the courage
to say is you’re a terrible person who took advantage
of his tiny size, his uncoordinated nature and his congenital
lack of masculinity.
Leonard, I platonically love you, man, but face it, you’re
a mess.
A little bit? The man Super Glued Hershey’s Kisses to
your nipples.
This is a list of your heinous acts against Leonard.
One of which is certainly the cause of him wetting
his bed well into his teens.
You really need to work on your penmanship.
You’re being too kind, Leonard. You ruined him.
I help the weak. It’s yet another way I’m exactly
like Batman.
Oh, half and half instead of whole milk?
Heated to precisely 183 degrees?
Seven little marshmallows, no more no less?
One for good luck. Must be the kind of math
they do at Princeton.
Yes.
Then take away his keys and make him wander the
streets with the other drunks.
You’d think a winner could make a decent cup of
cocoa.
You know what would be nice?
As a symbolic gesture to all the bullies who’ve tormented
us for years, we open our home to Jimmy and
once he’s asleep we kill him. I said it would
be nice, I didn’t say we should do it.
Leonard.
In case it comes up again, this right here is
an imposition.
You’re soft. This world’s going to chew you up and
spit you out.
Oh, there it is, tacos.
I’m not going to say I told you so, but
we could have killed him.
The Dark Knight has your back. He’s scared, but he
has your back.
Well said, Boy Wonder.
Don’t answer that. It’s a trick question. I speak from
experience.
You did it, Leonard, you stood up to your bully.
I don’t need to outrun him, I just need to
outrun you.
Oh, dear Lord. A man pops out for a moment
to evacuate his bowels and catch up on the adventures
of the Caped Crusader, only to emerge and discover his
apartment has been transformed into a cabaret.
This is how you’re going to entertain your little cousin
and his friends? By lying to them?
A magic show is an inherently deceitful proposition. This is
an ordinary top hat. You’ve chosen that card freely. I
do not have a set of lock picks lodged in
my keister.
If we poison the critical thinking faculties of children by
telling them that rabbits come out of hats, then we
create adults who believe in astrology and homeopathy and that
Ryan Reynolds was a better choice for Green Lantern than
lovable rogue Nathan Fillion.
Coins lodged in body parts is not a source of
amusement. When I was five, Billy Sparks put a Mexican
peso up my nose.
It’s still there. Takes me 45 minutes to get through
airport security.
And that is the answer to the question, what is
wrong with eating at The Cheesecake Factory?
All right, without objection, the minutes of the previous date
are considered read and agreed to. Any new business?
Superb. This morning I made a palindrome with my Alpha-Bits.
Nice hat, Bob Tahecin.
Ooh! Speaking of good news, somebody just hit 100 Twitter
followers.
Yeah, me, too. Triple digits, I’m not gonna lie, feels
pretty good.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Ooh, 101! Air’s getting a bit thin up
here.
Well, that’s odd. We both washed up when we came
in. It’s probably a euphemism for urination.
Not much. Although, I can be faulted for being overly
fond of koala bears. I don’t know what it is,
when they smart munching on eucalyptus, I just melt inside.
Oh, I see why you’re confused. No, her news sounded
important, but what you’re forgetting is, it was an achievement
in the field of biology. That’s all about yucky, squishy
things.
What if they simply don’t excite me?
She’d see right through that. We go to the zoo
all the time. She knows my koala face. And for
future reference, it’s this.
Yes.
Had a rough night. I thought I’d go for a
walk and clear my head.
It’s after nine o’clock, at this hour the streets of
Pasadena are teeming with drunken sailors and alley cats.
No. I think I’ll just go in this saloon and
drink my troubles away.
Hard as this may be to believe, it’s possible that
I’m not boyfriend material.
Amy had a fight. I was being perfectly reasonable. I’m
gonna have a whiskey. Do you want anything?
I’ll say.
I’m sorry. It’s the alcohol talking. Go on.
Nuts to that. What else you got?
How does that work?
Well, that approach has Sheldon Cooper written all over it.
It’s appreciated. And if you ever manage to find a
woman again, I’ll be glad to return the favour.
I don’t think there’s anything in this jewellery store that
Amy would appreciate more than the humidifier we were just
looking at at Sears.
Ooh, a pocket watch.
No, but maybe she wants a man with a pocket
watch.
Well, she’s very fond of her silver one that says
allergic to penicillin. Maybe they have a dressier version of
that?
Excuse me. I don’t see why you get to snort
derisively and point that out. You’d be lucky to land
a fella like me.
Trust me, we are not a couple.
Remarkable. Diamonds, crystallized carbon. Every day, people go to the
grocery store and come home with sacks full of carbon
in the form of charcoal briquettes that they toss in
their barbeques and set on fire. But just because you’ve
got some carbon with the atoms stacked neatly, you expect
me to plunk down thousands of dollars.
Really. Talk to me about that pocket watch.
What time did you tell Amy to be here?
Nonsense. I look like a train conductor. Under what pretext
did you lure her here?
Good, good, if you had said something clever, she might’ve
gotten suspicious.
Thank you. Amy, I’d like to apologize. Your accomplishment was
impressive. And I’m proud of you.
I told you.
You’re right, the tiara was too much.
You ever wonder how humans would be different if they
evolved from lizards instead of mammals?
As you know, lizards, cold-blooded animals, lack the ability to
sense temperature. But they do move more sluggishly when it’s
cold. So, lizard weathermen would say things like, bring a
sweater, it’s slow outside. I love my mind.
Oh, I would assume we’d enjoy insects or smaller lizards.
We could also pull each other’s tails off and grill
them, they’ll just grow back. Oh! My life-size cardboard Mr.
Spock is here! I know he wouldn’t care for an
outburst of human emotion, but, oh goodie, oh goodie, oh
goodie. Commander Spock requesting permission to be unfolded.
Permission granted, Commander.
Oh, no! They sent the wrong Spock! Live long and
suck it, Zachary Quinto.
Mm. I want to build a road, but I need
wood. Do either of you fellows have wood? I don’t
understand the laughter. The object of Settlers of Catan is
to build roads and settlements. To do so requires wood.
Now, I have sheep; I need wood. Who has wood
for my sheep?
You want to know my opinion?
Sarcasm?
All right, then. The reason you’re fixated on a good-natured
simpleton like Penny is that she’s the exact opposite of
your first romantic attachment, your brilliant yet intimidating mother.
It’s in her book, Needy Baby, Greedy Baby.
It’s called non-fiction for a reason, Leonard.
Now, where were we? Oh, yes. Does anyone have any
wood? Oh, come on! I just want wood. Why are
you making it so hard?
And now that I have some wood, I’m going to
begin the erection of my settlement.
We don’t know that. Not to a certainty. All we
know is that Leonard is home.
Again, not enough evidence. For all we know, he’s being
murdered. Now, back to our game.
Oh, of course. It’s right here in my hand.
Leonard?
Uh, can’t complain. Thanks for asking. Well, what were you
doing out at three o’clock in the morning?
I was using the bathroom.
Really? I didn’t see you in there.
Where?
In your pyjamas?
Without shoes?
On a cold winter’s night?
Seems unlikely. Did you bring your asthma inhaler?
Well, then, I guess it’s plausible. Hang on a second,
mister.
After you used the facilities at the gas station, did
you make a purchase?
It’s customary, when using the rest room at a retail
establishment, to make a small purchase. Did you?
Here’s two dollars. Go buy some beef jerky.
It’s not about you. It’s about a poor immigrant from
Pakistan trying to make his way in America by working
the graveyard shift at the Colorado Boulevard Chevron.
Needy Baby, Greedy Baby indeed.
Leonard will be here in a moment. He’s looking for
a different parking space.
We were next to a car with an ask me
about my grandchildren bumper sticker, and I was afraid if
we ran into them on the way out, I’d be
obligated to do so.
You have a keen insight into the human heart, Amy
Farrah Fowler.
Well, I doubt they’d want to talk about that, so
we’re fine.
People, people, please, before you say something you both regret,
I’d like to place my order.
I’ve got to go with Leonard on this. He is
wrong more than anyone I know.
Leonard, promise me that when our new waitress comes over,
you will not start a complicated on-again, off-again relationship with
her, because I am very, very hungry.
Leonard, are you listening to me?
This is a disaster. I distinctly ordered the Leonard Nimoy
Mr. Spock cardboard standee. Why would I feel safer with
Zachary Quinto at the foot of my bed?
You’re right, I’ll give him a shot.
No, can’t do it. Sorry, Quinto, you’re going back.
Hello. I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper, and welcome to the premiere
episode of Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags. Over the
next 52 weeks, you and I are going to explore
the dynamic world of vexillology.
Vexillology is the study of flags.
Did you have fun doing it?
Fun and information are two sides to this video podcast,
not unlike the only two-sided state flag, Oregon. Oh, look.
Hello, Mr. Beaver. In future episodes, we’ll answer some burning
questions. What’s the only non-rectangular flag? What animal appears most
often on flags? What animal appears second most often on
flags? And more.
Why are you waving a white flag?
Now, today’s episode of Fun with Flags is not fun,
but it is important. Flags
Cut. Did you not see we are rolling?
And I have flag knowledge that I have to get
out of here!
No, I’m a little rattled. But like the flag over
Fort Sumter, I’m still here. And, take two. Hello. I’m
Dr. Sheldon Cooper, and welcome to the premiere episode of
Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags. Over the next 52
weeks, you and I are going to explore the dynamic
world of vexillology.
Vexillology is… why is there a face on that flag?
Confound it! You’re right, it’s brilliant. Let’s take it from
the top.
Cut! Take 47.
Here’s an interesting fact about flags.
The flags of Liechtenstein and Haiti were identical by coincidence,
a fact that wasn’t discovered until they competed against each
other at the 1936 Olympics. And thankfully, their embarrassment was
overshadowed by the rise of Fascism.
Speaking of cowboys, do you know what country has not
one but two cows on its flag? The tiny landlocked
nation of Andorra. Oh, the next classic episode of Sheldon
Cooper Presents Fun with Flags is writing itself.
Careful, it’s that kind of sass that can get a
person uninvited to this year’s Who Con.
All right, that’s it. Who Con, you’re out.
How about constantly talks with food in her mouth?
Well done, Dr. Koothrappali.
You’ve taken a great evolutionary leap by abandoning human interaction
and allowing yourself to romantically bond with a soulless machine.
Kudos.
Oh, no, of course. I understand. You’re afraid the world
isn’t ready for your taboo love. Your secret’s safe with
me.
Kripke.
Guten Tag, das YouTube. Ich bin ein Bavarian.
Und dis is Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun…
Flags.
Emergency preparedness drill.
Yeah, you know how it works. Once a quarter, keep
our readiness up. Now, rise and shine, sleepy head. Half
the town is probably dead.
I think you’ll like the drill tonight. I’ve tried to
make it fun. Each of these cards contains a detailed
scenario of a possible apocalyptic event. Everything from wild fires
to a surprise invasion by Canada. Pick a catastrophe, any
catastrophe.
Yeah, really? You think those hippies in Washington and Oregon
can stop them?
All righty! An 8.2 magnitude earthquake devastates Pasadena, reducing mighty
edifices to dust, engulfing the city in flames. The streets
flow with blood and echo with the cries of the
wounded. Oh, excellent choice. Now, put on your hard hat
and safety vest.
You make that joke every three months. I still don’t
get it. Leonard, wait. What are you doing?
Look around you, there’s hypothetical broken glass everywhere. Really? You’re
going to face Armageddon without your orthotics? All right, your
choice. Uh-oh, hypothetical aftershock!
And that’s why we wear hard hats.
I’ll tell you exactly how he did. Readiness
You can’t go home. You have to take me to
the dentist at four o’clock.
Of course I can. It’s coming back under the residual
effects of the anaesthesia, that’s the problem. Two years ago
after a deep gum cleaning, I thought I got on
a bus but somehow wound up on a booze cruise
to Mexico.
Yeah, they have to, I’m a biter.
Wrong, sir. Wrong. Under section 37 B of the roommate
agreement, miscellaneous duties, you are obligated to take me to
the dentist. See? It’s right here after providing a confirmation
sniff on questionable dairy products.”
Well, it has. Ask anybody.
Hold on. Are you saying that you want to invoke
Clause 209?
Think carefully here. Clause 209 suspends our friendship, and strips
down the roommate agreement to its bare essentials. Our responsibilities
toward each other would only be rent, utilities and a
perfunctory chin jut of recognition as we pass in the
hall. ‘Sup?
Right here. Use your finger.
All right. That’s it. We are now no longer companions,
boon or otherwise. We are now merely acquaintances. To amend
the words of Toy Story, you have not got a
friend in me.
Yeah, well, tell it to someone who cares.
Hello, dear friends. And Dr. Hofstadter.
‘Sup? My apologies. I would’ve been here sooner, but the
bus kept stopping for other people to get on it.
Oh, your concern for me is touching. It will serve
you well when you take me to the dentist tomorrow.
You’re my girlfriend and you’re not going to cater to
my every need? Oh, where’d the magic go?
Well, if Amy’s too busy, that gives the rest of
you an opportunity to make my life easier, thus assuring
yourselves a footnote in my memoirs, tentatively entitled You’re Welcome,
Mankind. All right, then, just shout when you hear the
task you want to undertake. Uh, dentist. Okay, we can
circle back to that one. Um, well, who wants to
take me Wednesday morning to get new heels put on
my dress shoes? Anyone? Oh. That one had hoot written
all over it. Um, all right, uh, dermatologist? Allergist? Podiatrist?
Supercuts? Okay, okay, here’s a fun one. Um, I need
a new picture frame and I have a hankering for
Swedish meatballs. Who wants to spend the day with me
at IKEA?
What’s that?
Hello, Stuart.
No, no. I was just sitting at home thinking about
how it might be nice to catch up with my
ninth favourite person.
You moved up one. My pen pal in Somalia was
kidnapped by pirates. So, uh, how are you?
Great. Great. So, what’s new with your family? How’s your
mother? Is she alive?
And your father? Alive?
How about your grandparents, they alive?
Oh, I’m so sorry for your loss. On a cheerier
note, I have a teeth-cleaning appointment this afternoon. What do
you say you take me over there, buddy boy?
Yes. And now, I can’t make any promises, but that’s
the sort of thing that gets a fella on the
short list for the number eight friend slot.
Can’t help a friend out in a time of need,
huh? I see where your therapist was coming from.
‘Sup?
Not necessary. No. I found a service that’ll send a
van to your house for a teeth cleaning. Mostly they
cater to dogs, but the fellow on the phone seemed
to have an open mind.
Are you suggesting that you’ve come to your senses and
wish to re-establish the mutual benefits that stem from full
participation in the roommate agreement?
I will admit nothing of the sort. And now if
you’ll excuse me, I have to call my dentist and
see if I can also get my hair shampooed and
my nails clipped.
Power failure. Implementing power-failure protocol.
Oh, that was wildly carcinogenic. Anyway, it’s too bad you’re
no longer entitled to the full benefits of my friendship,
because I happen to be extremely prepared for such an
emergency. Please try not to see anything by this light.
It’s not for you.
And I’m sure some fool in the Donner party said
the snow would stop any day now. I like to
think they ate him first.
But candles? During a blackout? Are you mad? That’s a
fire hazard. No, Pasadena Water and Power recommends the far
safer glow stick.
Before you go, consider this. Not only do I have
a deep-cycle marine battery power source which is more than
capable of running our entertainment system, I also have all
61 episodes of the BBC series Red Dwarf and Fiddle-Faddle.
All yours if you’re willing to reinstate the roommate agreement.
Oh, he’ll be back. Wine and a girl in the
dark, he’s gonna be bored out of his mind.
Excuse me, Leonard.
Social niceties have been suspended, Leonard. We’re in a state
of a emergency. The world has descended into darkened turmoil.
Lawlessness and savagery are the order of the day.
I’m making s’mores. I wanted to alert you in case
you smelled caramelizing marshmallows and thought a nearby candy factory
was on fire.
Yes, or good for us if you sign here and
reinstate the full roommate agreement.
Really? Huh! Okay. In that case, I will have a
s’more by myself. And then I’m gonna have s’more. By
myself.
This is a Bunsen burner. I’m a scientist, I know
what I’m doing. Oh, drat. Aw. It took me a
gallon of urine to make that water.
What are you proposing?
And how would I do that?
Every time?
Counter-proposal. We reinstate the full roommate agreement with the following
addendum, in the spirit of Mother’s Day or Father’s Day,
once a year, we set aside day to celebrate all
your contributions to my life, both actual and imagined by
you. We could call it Leonard’s Day.
Of course you do. It’s about you, like everything else.
Oh, thank goodness. I don’t think I had it in
me to make another glass of water.
No.
No.
No.
Of course you get a card. It’s Leonard’s Day.
Oh, I don’t know. But whoever that mystery man was,
you should be eternally grateful, for without him, there would
be no Leonard’s Day.
Oh, no pressure. Just get him a crummy card, you’re
good.
Gentlemen, I think I’ve come up with a fun way
to get young people interested in science. Physics Mad-Libs. Now,
give me a number.
Uh-huh. And an irrational constant.
And a funny Greek letter.
I said funny.
Good one. And an electrical charge.
Ha. Perfect. Okay. Get this. Professor Jones told the symposium
he had a new method for calculating the mass of
a muon. Five times the limit of E to the
upsilon as in a. Okay. No, no. I’ll start over.
Professor.
Oh, Oh, Lord, that multiplication error! He thought he carried
the one. But he didn’t.
Stop! I’m going to wet myself!
Oh, President Siebert, I assume you’d like to respond to
one of the suggestions I put in the box by
your office.
You don’t like written suggestions. You don’t like when I
give them to you while we’re urinating in the men’s
room. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say that
you’re one of those stubborn people who are not open
to suggestions.
I don’t need a vacation.
But if I don’t come into work, what am I
supposed to do with myself?
Sarcasm?
Good Lord! Would you stop that caterwauling!
Bleeding from my ears.
I’m sneaking into work. Now, if the guard at the
university asks what’s under the blanket, you tell him it’s
some lobster traps.
Yes. That’s how Velma and Scooby smuggled Shaggy into the
old lighthouse.
Will they, Leonard?
And no more singing.
I have GPS on my phone. I know you turned
around.
Hawaii is a former leper colony on top of an
active volcano where the disappointing ending to Lost was filmed.
Mahalo for nothing, Hawaii.
My family took a trip to Florida when I was
a child. A seagull stole a hot dog from me
on the beach. I got the message.
It’s like I’m living in a dictatorship. You must take
a vacation, you must have fun, you must enjoy life.
One time they tried to make Richard Feynman take a
vacation, but he chose instead to expand his mind and
learn something new. He went to work in his friend’s
biology lab. Richard Feynman was a famous American physicist, part
of the Manhattan Project.
Now you do, too. Oh! I have a brilliant idea.
Amy’s a biologist. I’ll go work in her lab.
Ten seconds ago, you never heard of him. Now you’re
an expert.
Boy, oh, boy. This vacation is off to a wonderful
start. The smell of formaldehyde, the whir of the centrifuge,
the distant chatter of lab animals being dispatched for dissection.
Mm, I can already feel my cares just melting away.
Way to kill the mood.
Okay, what do we start with? Maybe splicing some genes,
clone a sheep, perhaps grow a human ear on a
mouse’s back? Ha-ha, I’m a freak!
Wash those bea… Oh, I get it, a little hazing
for the new fella. Yeah, I’d better keep and eye
out for, what, shoe polish on the microscope, or mad
cow disease in my grilled cheese sandwich?
What? Excuse me, you have Dr. Sheldon Cooper in your
lab. You’re gonna make him do the dishes? That’s like
asking the Incredible Hulk to open a pickle jar.
I have plenty of experience in biology. I bought a
Tamagotchi in 1998. And it’s still alive. Let’s do this.
Here you go. This is now the only lab with
glassware washed by a man with two doctorates and a
restraining order signed by Carl Sagan.
Y-you’re being ridiculous. Those are perfectly clean.
Biologists are mean.
There was something wrong with that detergent. That was way
too bubbly.
I intend to write that soap company a strongly worded
letter.
You know what this place needs? A suggestion box.
366… 367…
How’s counting going? When I was in kindergarten, I recited
pi to a thousand places for the school talent show.
I think I got this.
Aw, nuts! One…
This is preposterous. I think you’re giving me these tasks
because you’re afraid if you give me anything meaningful to
do, I’ll show you up.
Yes, that’s what I think. And I’m super smart, so
it’s probably true.
I’m sorry. It takes me a while to get things
going on an unfamiliar toilet.
Maybe that’s because I’m not being challenged. It’s the same
reason Einstein failed math.
You think you’re doing science by cutting up that brain?
They could do the same thing at any Quiznos. And
they’d offer to toast it for me, too.
All right. I’m no stranger to a little gray matter.
Locus coeruleus. Locus coeruleus.
It’s not. I’ll have you know, in the field of
physics, we work with particles so small, they make fat
jokes about the locus coeruleus, i.e., when your locus coeruleus
sits around the house, it sits around the house.
No. What you see is a man trembling with confidence.
Does a locus coeruleus normally bleed that much?
Oh, dear.
I’m on vacation. Social convention dictates that I let my
hair down at a local watering hole. Social convention is
stupid.
You know, I have ten fingers and ten toes. If
I tell you a story about each one of them,
we’ll be here all day, let’s just move on.
Ah, seeing as I’m on vacation, a pina colada seems
appropriate. Extra pineapple slices, extra whipped cream, extra cherries, extra
umbrellas, and, uh, hold the rum. Don’t let me have
too many of those.
Oh, better than good.
Excuse me, this is a fairly substantial wound.
Amy? Amy? Amy?
I was kind of hoping I could continue vacationing in
your laboratory. After all, I did book the whole week.
I was not myself. I had lost a lot of
thumb blood.
That is your opinion.
I’m sorry that you weren’t able to…
That my genius…
That the soap was…
Fine. Sorry.
Next year I’m going to Epcot.
These shrimp are all the same size. There’s no the
logical order to eat them in.
Mm, indeed.
Dibs.
What are you doing here, Kripke?
This is not your office. It hasn’t been assigned yet.
Dibs? This is a university, not a playground. Offices are
not assigned because someone called dibs.
Shut it. Offices are assigned by seniority. I arrived at
the university first.
Professor Rothman.
I found him. He’s in the bathroom. President Siebert?
I’m sorry. We just need a word.
We tried. His assistant said he was on sabbatical. Although
we distinctly heard his office window open and shut.
Oh, my. President Siebert, I don’t mean to be an
alarmist, but difficulty initiating a urine stream could be a
symptom of benign prostatic hyperplasia. If you’re interested, I can
send you a link to a YouTube video that’ll show
you how to perform your own rectal exam. Yeah, uh,
helpful hint, trim your nails first.
Oh, he’s just trying to butter you up. And for
the record, butter is an excellent lubricant for your rectal
exam.
Kripke?
You’re in my spot.
Oh, that’ll be Kripke.
We’re going to work this office situation out like gentlemen.
And if that doesn’t work, I’m going to poison his
tea.
Kripke. Come in. I’m making tea. Would you like a
cup?
Fine. In the interest of preserving our friendship…
Well, that’s a little hard to hear, but all right.
As you know, the essence of diplomacy is compromise. With
that in mind, I propose the following. I will take
Rothman’s office, and you will find a way to be
okay with that.
You sure I can’t get you that cup of tea?
Rock-Paper-Scissors-Lizard-Spock was created by Internet pioneer Sam Kass as an
improvement on the classic game Rock-Paper-Scissors. All hail Sam Kass.
Hail.
Oh, it’s very simple. Scissors cuts paper, paper covers rock,
rock crushes lizard, lizard poisons Spock, Spock smashes scissors, scissors
decapitates lizard, lizard eats paper, paper disproves Spock, Spock vaporizes
rock, and as it always has, rock crushes scissors.
Well, of course. Scissors cuts paper, paper covers rock, rock
crushes lizard, lizard poisons Spock, Spock smashes scissors, scissors decapitates
lizard, lizard eats paper, paper disproves Spock, Spock vaporizes rock,
and as it always has, rock crushes scissors.
Surely. Scissors cuts paper, paper covers rock, rock…
Is he? Well, then, it seems we have reached an
impasse. I see no other option than to challenge you
to a duel. I’d smack you with a glove, but
just last week I packed away my winter things.
Not pistols. Minds. A trivia contest, and you may choose
the field of battle. Star Trek trivia, Star Trek
Sports.
Five what?
Ew!
Hey! He did that on purpose,
Use the force, Sheldon. Use the force. I’m gonna need
more force.
What do you propose?
I don’t think so, Kripke. I’ve bounced many a rubber
ball in my day.
Who’s unsatisfactory in P.E. now?
Ah, the spoils. I see why victors love them.
Oh, of course you are. Feel free to drop by
any time.
Yeah. Call first.
Professor Rothman. This isn’t your office any more. You’re retired.
I’m trying to raise the temperature in here before my
nipples tear through my shirt.
Aha! Good question. It turns out the thermostat for my
new office isn’t in my new office. No. It’s next
door, in Professor Davenport’s office, who is currently enjoying the
hot flashes associated with menopause.
Why is there a hole in my new office? I’ve
narrowed it down to two possibilities
Is it? Listen.
No, I hate them, but it gets worse. There it
is.
Yeah, It’s completely out of tune with the wind chimes.
You don’t get it, do you? That’s a mockingbird. Mockingbirds
can change their song, which means he’s out of tune
on purpose. He’s mocking me. Oh dear. There it is
again. Do you feel it?
No. The vibration. We are directly underneath the geology lab,
and they’re running their confounded sieve shakers again. Hey, gravel
monkeys, if you need to shake rocks, try jiggling your
heads around!
How can I relax? My nervous system is being stretched
out like the strings of a harp and plucked by
holes and birds and wind and the low-hanging scrotum of
the difficult-to-evict Professor Rothman.
What, and let him win? Do I look crazy to
you? We’re trying to think down here, you geode-loving feldspar
jockeys! And you, the notes are C, D, E, G
and A. You pick one or I am chopping down
that tree!
Help! Somebody help!
I was trying to see what was in here and
my head got stuck.
It’s called scientific curiosity. Now go get butter.
Okay. I like it a little better when you stay,
but all right.
Hello. I’m here for my haircut with Mr. D’Onofrio.
Oh, dear, Mr. D’Onofrio’s in the hospital. Why do these
things always happen to me?
You’re not Mr. D’Onofrio. I get my hair cut by
Mr. D’Onofrio. You believe this guy?
He’s not a barber, he’s the nephew. He’s an example
of the kind of nepotism that runs rampant in the
barbering industry. Besides, Mr. D’Onofrio knows exactly how I like
my hair done because he has all my haircut records
from my barber in Texas.
When I first moved here I was nervous about finding
a new barber, so my mother had all my haircut
records sent here to Mr. D’Onofrio.
Yes, there are.
No, but my mother assured me they were sent here,
and I’ll bet you dollars to doughnuts that this one
doesn’t have them. Uh, excuse me. Do you have access
to my haircut records?
To paraphrase T.S. Eliot, this is the way the world
ends, not with a bang but with a nephew.
Fine, but if I come out of this looking like
a dork, it’s on you.
Nope.
Can you pass the Parmesan cheese?
I’m trying to get the hair out of my eyes.
Thank you for captioning my nightmare.
I can’t help it, I feel like a teen heartthrob.
Penny, I know you mean well, offering the skills of
the hill folk, but, um, here in town we don’t
churn our own butter, we don’t, uh, make dresses out
of gunny sacks, and, uh, we sure as shootin’ don’t
get our hair cut by bottle-blonde…
I’m sorry, it’s the bad boy attitude that comes with
this hair.
I’m sorry. I’m looking for a barber and I’m running
out of time. My hair is growing at the rate
of 4.6 yoctometers per femtosecond. I mean, if you’re quiet,
you can hear it.
I tried once. They do men’s and women’s hair in
the same room at the same time. It’s like Sodom
and Gomorrah with mousse.
Why don’t I let my hair grow out? Um, why
don’t I start wearing Birkenstocks and, uh, uh, seeking validation
of my opinions by asking can you dig it?
Mr. D’Onofrio? It’s Sheldon. They didn’t have anything barber-themed in
the gift shop, so I got you this. I don’t
know if you can read his little T-shirt. It says,
um, get well bear-y soon. Trust me, if you were
even a little conscious right now, you’d be laughing. Anyway,
there’s new studies that show, people in comas are aware
of everything going on around them. With that in mind,
if you can hear me, move away from the light
and toward the sound of these scissors.
Yes. Do you have something I could use as a
cape?
Oh, no, no, I’m just here to get my hair
cut.
I got to run. But not with scissors, that would
be unsafe.
Hello.
Eh, why? My spot, your spot, what difference does it
make?
No, I’m not all right. It’s been six days since
I was supposed to get a haircut and nothing horrible
has happened.
Leonard, explain it to her.
I have spent my whole life trying to bring order
to the universe by carefully planning every moment of every
day. But all my efforts, our dinner schedule, my pyjama
rotation, my bowel movement spreadsheet, it’s clear now, I’ve been
wasting my time.
Oh, please, everyone knows what’s going to happen. But I
see your point.
You’re right. I should embrace the chaos.
I don’t know. I could do anything. All bets are
off. The world is my oyster. I got it. I’m
going to put on my Tuesday pyjamas tonight.
Hello, Leonard, do you like my bongos? Bet you didn’t
know that I had bongos.
Three in the morning is a good time for bongos.
Leonard sleeps while I play bongos.
Leonard no sleep while I play bongos. Bongo solo.
Richard Feynman played the bongos. I thought I’d give that
a try.
Penny meant if he were a purple leprechaun. Penny forgot
to use the subjunctive.
Maybe, maybe not. Maybe tomorrow I start a bongo band
and tour the world.
Roommate agreement? Are you kidding? We are living in a
world of chaos. Roommate agreement.
Wherever the music takes me, kitten. I play bongos walking
down the stairs. Oh! Oh! Never play bongos walking down
the stairs.
What’s going on?
Penny, you’re not trained. You’re not licensed. Most importantly, you
don’t have access to my haircut records.
Amy, what do you think?
Fine, let’s go. Thank you for letting me sleep on
your couch.
Oh, relax. It was just her bottom and her breasts.
At the end of the haircut, Mr. D’Onofrio would tell
me a dirty joke.
That’s okay, I never understood them anyway.
Hmm, well, it’s a little Hollywood. But I think I
can pull it off. Well done, Penny.
Fun time. Hah. Sorry, sometimes the clippers tickle me.
Thank you very much.
Movies or video games? Or board game? Or trading card
games? Or Lego’s? Or dress up? Or comic books? Or
dramatic readings of novelizations? Yes to all!
The online game? Bully!
Just tell her I can’t come.
She’s 93. She won’t be disappointed for very long.
Amy, the relationship agreement was not designed for either one
of us to get our way.
I use it to get the right way. The fact
that the right way is also my way is a
happy coincidence.
Yeah, well, who wants to spend the whole weekend, running
around a bunch of pretend planets battling made up monsters.
That’s for babies.
Yeah, please, Amy! It’s got lightsabres!
Hello Stuart.
Yes. I’m attending a party this weekend, for a 93-year-old
woman. Can you recommend a gift?
Do you supply the the tennis ball?
Then no. What else?
Well, she’d just look silly wearing that without the rest
of the costume.
Oh, it’s not your fault. I’ve been to the model
train store. I’ve been to Radio Shack. This woman is
impossible to shop for.
No, Leonard, go ahead and mock. Like my daddy always
said, Shelly, women aren’t anything but flippin’ pains in the
bottom.
Well, I took out the bad words and the yeehaw,
but you get the gist.
Yeah, I always thought if I were ever enslaved, it
would be by an advanced species from another planet, not
some hotsy-totsy from Glendale.
You’re right. I’m smart as a whip. I should be
able to figure this out.
Penny! Penny! Penny!
Hello, Penny. I just stopped by to bring you this
gift.
Now that you’re in my debt, please manipulate Amy into
releasing me from my commitment to attend her aunt’s tedious
birthday party.
All right. I thought the candy might not be enough
so let me up the ante. These are Cooper Coupons.
These are for various things I can do for you.
Um, oh, this one is for one free grammar check.
Uh, you could use it for emails, letters, tattoos, what
have you. Um, oh, this is fun one. This is
an afternoon with me at the California Science Center, where
I point out their mistakes.
Oh, come on. It’s just a simple favour. Now, when’s
the last time I asked you to do something for
me?
When is the last time I asked you to do
something that wasn’t a medical emergency?
All right, then, I have no choice but to go
on to plan B.
I’m going to run around outside with a wet head
and try to catch a cold.
Hello.
All right.
Yes. I decided to find a way that I could
have this experience and enjoy it.
Oh, don’t thank me. Thank wireless technology. I realized, I
can go to your aunt’s awful party and still spend
the whole day gaming with my friends.
Oh, I got that covered. Headset. I won’t hear a
word the old geezers are saying.
Thanks. Ooh, listen, I wouldn’t mind a piece of birthday
cake, provided the old gal’s candle blow is clean and
dry.
Gentlemen, the game offers us a choice between playing for
the Republic and the light side, or the Sith Empire
and the dark side.
Those women are prostitutes? You said they were raising money
for stem cell research.
Is the whip sound app contextually appropriate here?
Oh, good. Hah-hah!
Dr. Rostenkowski, it may interest you to know that saying
pew, pew, pew isn’t as effective as pressing your blaster
key. In the same way that saying whee doesn’t make
the land speeder go.
Hah-hah!
That is the most sickeningly sweet thing I have ever
experienced. And I am sipping Kool-Aid through a Red Vine.
Armin who?
I think I understand. You’re the one person who can
say Sheldon Cooper is your boyfriend, but that rings hollow
if you can’t lord him over others in the flesh.
I forget what I bring to the party and what
I take away when I leave. Please accept these valuable
Cooper Coupons as restitution.
Well played, Amy Farrah Fowler. Let me get my coat.
Oh, grow up, Leonard.
Hear! Hear!
Oh, you know what they say, the best things in
life are free.
Oh, that’s very kind of you. Next time I have
a hankering to wash down a D cell battery with
a jar of old pickle juice, I’ll come a-knocking.
Yeah, I hate wedding receptions. I wish the bride and
groom would take a cue from Bilbo Baggins, slip on
the ring, disappear and everyone goes home.
They had a make your own sundae bar. Ooh, that
was a night to remember. Do you know, on the
one trip, I just had a bowl of nuts.
Howard, are you having a make your own sundae bar?
Well you should. 50% of marriages end in divorce, but
100% of make your own sundae bars end in happiness.
Quantum physics makes me so happy.
It’s like looking at the universe naked.
Oh, that was no joke. But I understand your confusion
as I am our group’s resident cut-up.
Yes.
Knock, knock.
Interrupting physicist.
MUON!
Ah! A vintage, mint in box, 1975 Mego Star Trek
transporter with real transporter action. Hot-darn!
Well this calls for an expression of gratitude.
Not this time. Then they wouldn’t be special. Thanks Penny.
Look, it was actually designed for my vintage Mr Spock
action figure.
Oh dear Lord. No!
They’re mint in box.
No!
Is someone there?
Spock?
Fascinating. The only logical explanation is that this is a
dream.
Was I hit on the head by a coconut.
But it’s mint in box.
Well, I’m not going to dignify that with a response.
To be played with.
Illogical. Oh, damn it Spock, you’re right. I’ll do it.
Oh, of course. Set phasers to dumb, right? Goody, goody,
goody. This is wrong. This is wrong. I’m so excited,
but this is wrong. I’m gonna do it. I’m doing
it. I did it. Oh, that’s what I always thought
1975 smelled like. One to beam down Mr Scott. Aye,
aye, Mr Spock. Energise. Energise. Don’t be broken. Please don’t
be broken. What did you make me do? Okay, okay,
think. It’s only logical.
Oh dear. Two suns and no sunscreen.
What is it now, tiny Spock?
You’re the one who told me to play with it.
No. If I got on the bridge of the Enterprise,
I would never, ever leave.
Why? I got away with it. Leonard has his toy,
and he’s never going to open it, so he won’t
know it’s broken. And I have a toy that isn’t
broken. Everybody’s happy.
I thought where you come from they don’t have emotions.
You know what you are? Well, you’re a green blooded
buzzkill. Perhaps it’s time you beam on out of here.
Very well. Cooper to Enterprise, one to beam up. Energise.
Ah. Tiny Spock. Help.
Oh, I don’t want a broken toy. Nothing!
Nothing. I said nothing.
Perhaps you should look with your eyes, and not your
muscular Nebraska man-hands.
My problem is that I don’t want you to break
Leonard’s toy, which you probably did by shaking it. She
shook it. We all saw her.
Mmmmm!
Oh, nice job, man-hands.
Yes. Yes, he did, that is a perfectly satisfying and
plausible explanation. Yeah, let’s all be mad at Stuart.
Wait. It was me. I opened your toy, discovered it
was broken and didn’t tell you.
I didn’t. That was a lie. I opened my own
toy. And it was already broken so I switched them.
I can’t because that was a lie. Yours was broken
in an earthquake. And that’s a lie.
My Mr Spock doll came to me in a dream
and forced me to open it. And when the toy
broke I switched it for yours. Later he encouraged me
to do the right thing and I defied him. And
then I was attacked by a Gorn.
Leonard, Penny, I just, I want you both to know
that I regret my actions toward the two of you.
That’s a lie.
Yes.
Okay. Leonard, even though I don’t have one any more,
I hope you have fun playing with it.
Big fat whopper. I hope it breaks.
Leonard, do you recall when I said that I was
going to revolutionize humanity’s understanding of the Higgs boson particle,
and you said, Sheldon, it’s two a.m., get out of
my bedroom?
Well, I believe I’ve done it. And I’m only saying
believe to sound modest, because, sweet Sam Houston, I did
it.
Oh, okay, let me see this. All right, so this
particle here is the boson moving forward in time. Now,
I was thinking… Howard, you go ahead and eat. This
isn’t going to make any sense to you.
Yeah, good for you, and don’t stop working on it.
Please, please, please let me meet Hawking.
But I said I’m sorry.
And you never answered me. So who owes whom an
apology now?
Um, to go to Jewish heaven?
Then to avoid Jewish hell?
Howard, please. This is Stephen Hawking. Perhaps my only intellectual
equal.
Try to put yourself in my place. Imagine you’re the
sole human being living on a planet populated with nothing
but dogs. And then it turns out there’s another human
being.
Yeah, okay, I can see you’re going to take this
the wrong way. Let me try again. Imagine you’re the
sole human being living on a planet populated with nothing
but chimps.
Oh, now they’re so much smarter than dogs. Have you
seen them on those little bicycles?
How about dolphins?
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Howard, please, I’m begging you.
Do you understand how important Hawking is to me? When
I was six years old, I dressed up as him
for Halloween.
No, sir, no, I took my dad’s desk chair, attached
a Speak & Spell to it and made my sister
push me up and down the block to trick or
treat. Granted most people thought I was R2-D2, but still,
I got a lot of candy.
It’s actually 01100111.
I’m not asking for me, I’m asking for Hawking.
Okay, look, how about this? Just give him my paper
on the Higgs boson. If he sees the incredible breakthrough
I’ve made, he’ll reach out to me.
He will, he’s really smart.
How do I do that?
Walking away.
Hey, fellas, I’m thinking about making some freshly brewed iced
tea if anyone would like some.
I wasn’t talking to you.
Yes, yes. What did you decide?
Great, thank you. Oh, that’s terrific.
What kinds of things?
Of course.
All right. What would you like me to do first?
Oh. By all means. When I was a boy, I
would polish my Mee-Maw’s silver. And she would entertain me
with stories about growing up in Oklahoma. Interesting woman. You
know, she once killed a prairie dog with a gravy
boat.
That’s a lot of belt buckles.
You make sissy on your belt buckles? Mee-Maw’s forks never
had that.
Oh, I-I buffed them with Turtle Wax. The man down
at Pep Boys says from now on, the urine should
just bead up and roll right off.
My Mee-Maw must never know of this. Now will you
give Professor Hawking my paper?
And you want me to return it for you?
What are you all staring at? Didn’t you ever see
a man try to get a meeting with Stephen Hawking
before?
Hello.
This is not my laundry.
Those are Howard’s.
Because if I don’t, he won’t give my paper to
Stephen Hawking. He’s a famous physicist.
That’s close enough.
Because he’s punishing me for being a, quote, condescending jerk.
You don’t think I’m condescending, do you?
Oh, I’m sorry, condescending means…
Au contraire. When I correct people I am raising them
up. You should know, I do it for you more
than anyone.
Or Don Quixote is a book about a donkey named
Hotay.
Well, I can’t help it. That’s an involuntary twinkle.
I want you to tell me that Howard is being
mean to me for no reason.
I knew it.
What is it now, Mrs. Wolowitz?
What do you want me to do?
I’m not sure how to do this.
Sleeping bags don’t usually sweat this much, but okay.
Oh, if we squeeze you any tighter, you may turn
into a diamond.
Oh, no, you know, I’m not really the holding kind
of… Oh!
I did it. Had to go to three clothing stores,
but we finally found a dress that could envelop your
mother.
Humorous. Now will you please present my paper to Professor
Hawking?
Oh, for heaven’s sake. I did your laundry, I pee-pee-proofed
your belt buckles, I, I even sprained my wrist helping
your mother lift her bosom.
Okay.
Fine. You have very tiny hands.
You’re obviously good at what you do.
Oh, I understand the confusion. I have never said that
you are not good at what you do. It’s just
that what you do is not worth doing.
Now will you give my paper to Hawking?
What, why not?
All right, then. Thank you, Howard. Please let Professor Hawking
know that I’m available at his earliest convenience.
Professor Hawking, it’s an honour and a privilege to meet
you, sir.
I want to thank you for taking time to see
me.
I know.
Thank you. It just, it came to me one morning
in the shower.
What do you mean wrong?
No, no, th-th-th-that can’t be right. I-I don’t make arithmetic
mistakes.
Oh, no, no, no, of course not. It’s just, I
was thinking… Oh, gosh, golly, I made a boo-boo, and
I gave it to Stephen Hawking.
I wish you could all be inside my head. The
conversation is sparkling. Fine, I’ll tell you. A lichen is
an organism made up of two separate species, fungi and
algae. If you could merge with another species, what species
would you pick and why? Hint, there is a right
answer. None of you will get it.
Wrong. Leonard?
Wrong, and let’s keep it clean, shall we?
Clever, but also wrong. No, the best organism for human
beings to merge with is the lichen itself. That way,
you’d be human, fungus, and algae. Triple threat. Like three-bean
salad.
All right, picture this, a beautiful outdoor concert. Now, as
a human, I appreciate Beethoven. As a fungus, I have
a terrific view, growing out of a towering maple tree.
And no thank you, expensive concessions. Because as an algae,
I’ll just snack on this sunlight.
Well, seems like a bit of a let down after
our lichen conversation, but, what do you know, you’re half
swan.
You know Germans have an interesting pre-wedding custom.
Boo, wine! But yay, trains. I’m in.
It’s not bad. Unless you compare it to a train;
then it stinks.
Indeed. If I’m to participate in the social convention that
is the stag night, then I must embrace all its
components, including tobacco, swear words, and yes, alcohol. Jeepers! That’s
yucky.
I’m confused. I thought since our reconciliation, I was your
friend in this group.
Oh. I guess you’re just friends with anybody. Aagh!
For he’s a jolly good fellow, for he’s a jolly
good fellow, which nobody can deny.
And, apparently, Wil Wheaton’s best friend.
Talk to the hand.
Yeah, I do. As is the tradition, I have prepared
a series of disrespectful jokes which generate humour at Howard’s
expense. Prepare to have your ribs tickled. Howard, I always
thought you’d be the last one of us to ever
get married, because you are so short and unappealing. Am
I right? Let’s see here. Oh, seriously though, Howard, you’re
actually one of the most intelligent people I know. And
that’s a zinger, because you’re not. I’ve always thought that
you’d make someone a fine husband someday. Assuming you’d be
able to get the parts, and develop the engineering skills
to assemble them, which I don’t see as likely. Hacha!
Okay, let me see here. Okay, kidding aside, Howard, you
are a good friend. And I wish you nothing but
happiness. Bazinga, I don’t!
Doubleazinga! I do! Good luck following that.
Hear, hear.
And the first woman you ever disappointed sexually. Ba-da-bazinga!
Jeepers, I’m drunk.
Here.
You’re upset. The convention is to bring an upset person
a hot beverage.
Chicken broth. It seemed culturally appropriate. Also, there was a
single cube of chicken bouillon in the cupboard when I
moved in and it’s been bothering me for the last
eight years. So, as they say, two birds.
I just threw up the bachelor party.
I’m going to need a larger shirt. This one’s a
little tight under the arms.
Yes, of course that’s why it’s tight.
You’re kidding. Shouldn’t the question be why aren’t you?
Leonard, these rental tuxedos have been worn by hundreds of
sweaty strangers. I don’t like my own sweat touching my
skin, how do you think I feel about theirs?
Said the hangman offering a noose.
Ah, much better.
A little. But not more than your urethras will be
after whatever’s in those pants swims up them. Well, I
cut quite the dashing, yet hygienic figure, don’t I? I
look like the Flash about to get married. Oh! A
tissue! A tissue! Oh, good Lord!
Keys! Keys! Keys!
Amy? Amy? Amy?
It’s not an accident. I waited outside your door for
twenty minutes.
I must say, I was surprised you chose to spend
our date night in your apartment. As I mentioned, the
Pasadena City Council is debating longer crosswalk times, and later,
the LEGO store is having a midnight madness sale. You
ask anyone, that’s a hot date.
What can be more special than having an adequate amount
of time to cross the street on your way to
buy a tiny LEGO Indiana Jones?
Oh, dear Lord. Two years ago, we didn’t even know
each other, and now I’m in your apartment after dark.
How much faster can this thing go?
Oh, you brain monkeys kill me. Dip away.
And how do you propose to do that? Uh, hope
you’re not thinking about some sort of LSD thought control.
Because there’s only one mind-expanding drug that this man enjoys,
and that’s called school.
Well, seems what’s on the menu tonight is malarkey with
a big side of poppycock.
Super Mario Bros. theme?
I see what you’re doing. You’re attempting to build on
the work of Ebbinghaus by triggering an involuntary memory of
me playing that game, admittedly the happiest 600 hours of
my childhood, but it won’t work.
Da-da-da da-da dum, boink, boink.
You know I don’t drink.
I love strawberry Quik. It’s my favourite pink fluid, narrowly
beating out Pepto-Bismol.
Spaghetti with little pieces of hot dog cut up in
it!
Oh yummy, yummy! We should do this more often. Uh-oh.
Bishop to queen four, level two. Check.
I’m fine.
Very well. Can I ask you a question about women?
No, I’m having a relationship problem with Amy. And by
the way, that book gave me nightmares.
Look at us, Leonard, engaging in the social convention of
men bellyaching about their ol’ ladies.
Believe it or not, Amy has embarked on a campaign
to increase my feelings for her by making me happy.
It’s awful. This morning, she arranged for me to be
an Amtrak junior conductor for the day. It, it’s usually
only open to children. She got them to make an
exception.
They let me blow the whistle, Leonard.
I know. And it gets worse. Her efforts are causing
me to have affectionate feelings for her at inappropriate times.
No! Would you please stop referencing that infernal book? For
example, this morning, I was calculating the random motion of
virtual particles in a vacuum, when suddenly the particles morphed
into an image of Amy’s dandruff gently cascading down onto
her pale, slightly hunched shoulders. Oh, what has that vixen
done to me, Leonard? And how do I make it
stop?
I assume we’re talking about you now?
So, that’s how this works? I complain, and then you
complain, and no one offers any solutions?
Well, no wonder the women are winning.
I’m in hell, Leonard. Don’t stop.
289, right between the Game Show Network at 288 and
the East coast feed of the Disney Channel on 290.
Dried potatoes, vegetable oil, corn flower, wheat starch, maltodextrin, salt,
and my favourite ingredient of all, uniformity.
Remarkable. In just under a half hour, 200 metric tons
of fuel will ignite in a controlled explosion right beneath
Howard’s keister. And all from a country whose entire contribution
to the global economy, has been Tetris and mail-order brides.
Thank you for the invitation, but I have to decline
because it doesn’t sound like something I’ll enjoy.
That’s what you said about The Green Lantern movie. You
were 114 minutes of wrong.
It does, indeed. Leonard, is it awkward being here with
Penny given that you recently proposed to her?
He asked her during coitus.
Leonard, where did you envision marrying Penny?
I’ll do it, provided I can perform the ceremony in
Klingon.
What do you see in her?
You didn’t have to do that.
Oh, dear. I was afraid of this.
While a thoughtful gift, this comic book in this condition
is worth at least a hundred dollars.
I bought you and Bernadette a gravy boat worth eighty-eight
dollars. Which places me in your debt and I can’t
be in your debt because someday you might ask me
to help you move, or to kill a man.
Well, what if it’s his only way out? I can’t
risk it. Here is twelve dollars. Now, we’re even. Wait,
wait, wait, I bought a card. Give me two dollars.
And for the record, this is why I hate gift-giving.
I think the Reverend Hofstadter is making an ironic connection
between your statement about love and your rejection of his
proposal in the bedroom.
Would you like some aloe vera? You just got burned.
All right, my turn. Howard, Bernadette. Daq tu’ taH Daq
yIn tlhej ghajtaH.
Fine, I’ll do it in English, but it loses something.
The need to find another human being to share one’s
life with has always puzzled me. Maybe because I’m so
interesting all by myself. With that being said, may you
find as much happiness with each other as I find
on my own. The Klingon would have made you cry.
By the power vested in us, by the state of
California… And the Klingon High Council…
We now pronounce you husband and wife.
Boldly go, Howard Wolowitz.
