Impressive, but we must be cautious.
Today, it's a Chinese food retrieval robot. Tomorrow, it travels
back in time and tries to kill Sarah Connor.
No one ever does. That's why it happens.
You realize, Penny, that the technology that went into this
arm will one day make unskilled food servers such as
yourself obsolete.
I thought you broke up with her. Why is she
here?
I wouldn't say amazing. At best, it's a modest leap
forward from the basic technology that gave us Country Bear
Jamboree.
Yes? Peace?
Excuse me. Oh. Amy's at the dry cleaners, and she's
made a very amusing pun. “I don't care for perchloroethylene,
and I don't like glycol ether.” Get it? She doesn't
like glycol ether. Sounds like either. L-O-L.
She's not my girlfriend.
She's not my girlfriend.
She's not my girlfriend.
All right, everyone pay attention. Yes, I have a friend
named Amy Farrah Fowler. Yes, she is female. Yes, we
communicate on a daily basis, but no, she is not
my girlfriend.
Well, my work in physics, her work in neurobiology, and
most recently, the possibility of our having a child together.
Amy pointed out that between the two of us, our
genetic material has the potential of producing the first in
a line of intellectually superior, benign overlords to guide humanity
to a brighter tomorrow.
Yes, Penny.
Why on Earth would we have sex?
I'm quite aware of the way humans usually reproduce, which
is messy, unsanitary, and based on living next to you
for three years, involves loud and unnecessary appeals to a
deity.
Yes, exactly. Consequently, if Amy and I choose to bring
new life into this world, it will be accomplished clinically,
with fertility experts in a lab with petri dishes. Which
reminds me, you have broad hips and a certain corn-fed
vigour. Is your womb available for rental?
You mean dating?
I can't date Amy.
She's not my girlfriend.
Oh. I hadn't considered that. I suppose she will have
to have access to our progeny. And you don't think
I can achieve the required intimacy via text messaging?
Huh. It would appear as if the phone companies have
been lying to me.
Penny. Penny. Penny.
I know. I can see the shadow of your feet
under the door.
If you're looking for an example of a waste of
time, I would refer you to the conversation we're having
right now.
I've decided to take your advice and have arranged to
go on a date with Amy Farrah Fowler.
Wait. You have to drive me.
You know I don't drive.
I did. He said, and I quote, ask Penny, it
was her cockamamie idea.
Actually, I'm paraphrasing. Having been raised in a Christian household,
I'm uncomfortable with the language he used. And to be
honest, I'm not entirely comfortable with cockamamie.
Now.
Hurry. We're going to be late.
I'm sorry. Do you have other plans?
So this conversation is as pointless as your door-knocking soliloquy?
Thank you for driving me.
I wish you weren't wearing flip-flops. It's dangerous to drive
in flip-flops.
Sorry. I just don't want to be yet another flip-flop
fatality.
Given your community college education, I encourage you to ask
me as many as possible.
That depends. Does square-dancing with my sister at a Teens
for Jesus Fourth of July Hoedown count as a date?
Then, this is my first date.
I have a master's degree and two doctorates. The things
I should know, I do know.
If you know so much, how come I have a
date tonight and you have nothing better to do than
drive me to it?
Don't bother. I've wasted many an hour tilting at that
particular windmill.
Oh, no, I wouldn't care for that. Amy?
No.
All right. It was hell.
I'm sorry, how is this better than uncomfortable silence?
Muggles.
Big night? The winter solstice is a big night. It's
over 14 hours in Southern California.
Thank you.
Apparently, a semi-incestuous Teens for Jesus Fourth of July Hoedown
didn't count.
Your characterization of approximately 171 different men as a few.
Simple extrapolation. In the three years that I've known you,
you were single for two. During that time, I saw
17 different suitors. If we work backwards, correcting for observation
bias and postulate an initial dating age of 15…
I'm sorry. 16?
My mistake. Now, assuming the left side of a bell
curve peaking around the present, that would bring the total
up to 193 men. Plus or minus eight men.
Although that number would be fairly easy to calculate.
Based on the number of awkward encounters I've had with
strange men leaving her apartment in the morning, plus the
number of times she's returned home wearing the same clothes
she wore the night before…
So we multiply 193, minus 21 men before the loss
of virginity, so 172 times 0.18 gives us 30.96 sexual
partners. Let's round that up to 31.
This is an interesting topic. How many sexual encounters have
you had?
I should think so.
You were right. This was a very productive evening. I
saw a whole new side of Amy Farrah Fowler tonight.
I'll be happy to check the math, but numbers don't
lie, Penny. In any event, now that Amy and I
have spent quality time together, I feel much more confident
proceeding to the next stage of our relationship.
Using in vitro fertilization and a surrogate uterus to gift
humanity with our progeny.
In these uncertain times, doesn't humanity deserve a gift?
That's no threat. My mother's always wanted a grandchild.
Curses.
Well, it's not that late. You could still go out
and look for number 32. Good night.
I've decided not to procreate.
The humorous implication being that I am Wile E. Coyote?
And this is a schematic for a bird-trapping device that
will ultimately backfire and cause me physical injury?
What I'm doing here is trying to determine when I'm
going to die.
My family history factoring in longevity, propensity for disease, et
cetera.
Killed by badger.
It was Thanksgiving. Uncle Carl said, I think there's a
badger living in our chimney. Hand me that flashlight. Those
were the last words he ever spoke to us.
Not true. The fight or flight instinct is coded genetically.
Instead of fleeing, he chose to fight barehanded against a
brawny member of the weasel family. Who's to say that
I don't share that flawed DNA?
But seriously, even if I disregard the Uncle Carl factor,
at best I have 60 years left.
60 only takes me to here. I need to get
to here.
The earliest estimate of the singularity, when man will be
able to transfer his consciousness into machines and achieve immortality.
By this much.
You don't get it, Leonard. I'm going to miss so
much, the unified field theory, cold fusion, the dogapus.
A hybrid dog and octopus. Man's underwater best friend.
I was going to. I planned on giving it to
myself on my 300 th birthday.
A dogapus can play fetch with eight balls. No one
can hate that.
No, thank you. I'm not eating pizza tonight.
Not for me. Thursday is now Cruciferous Vegetable Night. Tonight's
selection, brussels sprouts.
It's a small price to pay.
In order to live long enough to fuse my consciousness
with cyBernadetteetics, I need to change my diet.
Correct.
Essentially, yes.
Flattering, but sadly, no. I'm also planning to begin an
exercise regimen designed to strengthen my cardiovascular system. AKA jogging.
Certainly. I've run from bullies, dogs, angry chickens, and one
particularly persistent P.E. teacher determined to bend me over and
give me a scoliosis test.
That's an excellent idea. Yeah, if we chat, it will
create the illusion of time going faster.
Ugh. U-u-ugh. Lenu-u-ugh.
I have pain radiating from my navel to my lower
right abdomen. I'm nauseated and feverish. I believe I may
have cholera.
Well, if it's not cholera, then based on a quick
Internet search, the other explanations in decreasing order of likelihood
are Hirschsprung's Disease, botulism, a 30-foot tapeworm or accidental ingestion
of chrysanthemum blossoms.
It's part of an unlikely scenario that involves sleepwalking and
a 24-hour flower mart with a less-than-vigilant proprietor. Oh, Lord,
my belly!
I haven't. I've been meaning to, but who has the
time?
So this is how it ends, with cruel irony. Just
as I make the commitment to preserving my body, I
am betrayed by my appendix, a vestigial organ. Do you
know the original purpose of the appendix, Leonard?
I do. And yet I'm doomed while you live on.
Oh, Lord, I think it's about to burst! On the
other hand, it might have been the Brussels sprouts.
Good night. Appendicitis. What a nervous Nelly.
Penny. Penny. Penny.
Thank you. They're my mother's.
No, the Flash shirt is because it's Friday, but it's
nice when things work out. Where's your heart rate monitor?
What about your pedometer?
Do you have telematics in your shoes connected to an
iPod?
What do you do, you just go out there and
gambol about like a bunny?
Why are you doing that?
All right.
I am doing it.
We'll never know.
Okay.
Yeah, I've been reading up on biomechanics. I think you'll
be surprised at my… Wah! Oh!
I think so.
Thank you.
If it makes you feel any better, Thursday is no
longer Cruciferous Vegetable Night.
Coming! Greetings, friends.
I am a mobile virtual presence device. Recent events have
demonstrated to me that my body is too fragile to
endure the vicissitudes of the world. Until such time as
I am able to transfer my consciousness, I shall remain
in a secure location and interact with the world in
this manner.
You're in my spot. This may seem a little odd
at first, but over time you'll grow accustomed to dealing
with me in this configuration.
Thank you. That's what I was going for. Now, Leonard,
tomorrow, when we go to work, you'll need to allow
some extra time to get me down the stairs. For
your convenience, I disassemble into four pieces.
You don't know where I am. My physical body is
safely ensconced in a secure, undisclosed location.
No, I'm not.
No, you can't. Wait. Come back. Halt. Authorized personnel only!
I'm behind you. Please look at me when you're talking
to me.
No, you're not. Pay no attention to that man in
the bed.
At my age, do you know how I'm statistically most
likely to die?
An accident.
Until I can transfer my intellect to a more durable
container, my body will remain safely ensconced in my bed.
You have to help, it's in the roommate agreement.
Section 74.C. The various obligations and duties of the parties
in the event one of them becomes a robot.
This is delightful.
It's much easier to enjoy the picturesque route we travel
to work when you remove the spectre of fiery vehicular
death.
Because I called shotgun. Remember?
You seem tense. Perhaps this will relax you.
Very well. I don't understand why you're not enjoying this.
Together, in this car, with my enhanced capabilities, we're like
Knight Rider.
You mock the sphincter, but the sphincter is a class
of muscle without which human beings couldn't survive. There are
over 50 different sphincters in the human body. How many
can you name?
Perhaps you'd be interested in a different game.
This is a photograph of the 1911 Solvay Conference on
the theory of radiation and quanta. Using Photoshop, I've introduced
a few anachronisms. See if you can spot all 24.
I'll give you the first one. Madame Curie should not
be wearing a digital watch. And go.
Bazinga.
I have an override switch.
And I'm safe and sound in bed. Who's crazy now?
Hello, Professor Hoskins. Nice to see you, Mindy. Konichi-wa Dr.
Nakamora. Sorry the Swedes disproved your theory. Leonard, my door.
Be a lamb and open it for me.
You think you have me stymied, don't you?
Raj, be a lamb and open the door for me.
He's a lamb. You're not.
Isn't this nice? The pleasures of fellowship and camaraderie without
having to tolerate your germy breath on my skin.
Can you tell me the specials this evening?
Obviously. I don't even have water yet.
That's discrimination against the otherwise located. I'm going to have
to go over your head. Manager, manager. Oh, Lord, look
who it is.
The Great and Powerful Woz.
I must speak to him.
Excuse me, Mr. Wozniak?
Thank you. I just want to say I'm a big
fan. You're my fifteenth favourite technological visionary.
It's still six spots above Steve Jobs. I care neither
for turtlenecks nor showmanship.
One of my proudest possessions is a vintage 1977 Apple
Two. Despite the file system limitations of Apple DOS 3.3,
it was a pretty nifty little achievement.
Don't move for 15 to 30 minutes, depending on how
the buses are running.
I'm coming, Woz, I'm coming. Ow! Aw.
Penny. Penny. Penny.
I can't get out of bed. I hurt my ankle.
Sing me Soft Kitty.
Would you rather come over and sing it to me
in person?
Closer to the microphone.
No. You have to start over.
All right, I'm ready for my next question.
Uganda.
Kenya rises to power on the export of rhinoceroses. A
Central African power block is formed, colonizing North Africa and
Europe. When war breaks out, no one can afford the
luxury of a rhino. Kenya withers, Uganda triumphs.
In a world where a piano is a weapon, not
a musical instrument, on what does Scott Joplin play The
Maple Leaf Rag?
Defend.
You're right. My apologies.
It's a game we invented. It's called Counterfactuals.
It's fun for ages eight to eighty. Join us.
You're in luck, this is an easy one. In a
world where mankind is ruled by a giant intelligent beaver,
what food is no longer consumed?
Leonard, be serious. We're playing a game here.
Incorrect. Obviously, the answer is cheese Danish.
Oh, yes. You should've been here for the great Jenga
tantrum of 2008.
Greetings. You all remember Amy Farrah Fowler.
Sorry we're late.
I believe she's experiencing her menses.
A juvenile amalgamation of our names. Sheldon and Amy, Shamy.
I should've warned you, one has to navigate a labyrinth
of social nonsense before one can be fed here.
It's how they lure you in. I believe it's called
bait and switch.
They can't function without me. I'm the social glue that
holds this little group together. You're welcome.
She's not my girlfriend. She's a girl and she's my
friend, but there's no touching or unsanitary exchange of saliva.
Although, for the record, on one occasion, she licked her
thumb to remove raspberry jelly from the corner of my
mouth. It's an action we both regret to this day.
Oh, I never identified with the rebel alliance. Despite their
tendency to build Death Stars, I've always been more of
an empire man.
I know what your point is. You're intimidated by Amy's
intellect. To that I say, buck up.
So?
Are you suggesting I terminate my relationship with Amy?
May I point out that for eight long months, I
suffered in silence as your female companion filled our apartment
with her off-key country music caterwauling, the unappetizing spectacle of
her grinding a pumice stone against her calloused feet in
our living room, and night after night of uninformative TV
documentaries about the Jersey Shore.
Yes. And I'd thank you to do the same.
Greetings.
I brought Amy here to show her some of the
work I'm doing.
Do I detect a hint of condescension?
Are you suggesting the work of a neurobiologist like Babinski
could ever rise to the significance of a physicist like
Clarke-Maxwell or Dirac?
You take that back.
Excuse me, but a grand unified theory, insofar as it
explains everything, will ipso facto explain neurobiology.
That's the rankest psychologism, and was conclusively revealed as hogwash
by Gottlob Frege in the 1890 s!
I agree. I move our relationship terminate immediately.
There being no objections…
The motion carries. Good day, Amy Farrah Fowler.
Amen to that.
Hello.
A breakup would imply she was my girlfriend. She was
a girl who was my friend who is now a
girl who is not my friend.
Regarding what?
I don't follow.
Penny, I assure you, I'm fine. My relationship with Amy
was purely intellectual. There were no emotional bonds, the severing
of which would cause me any discomfort. The relationship simply
outlived its utility, and I'm continuing on with my life
as before.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm off to buy a
pussycat.
Oh, gentlemen.
My apologies. Raj, Howard, I'd like you to meet Dr.
Robert Oppenheimer.
Now, if you'll excuse me, the father of the atomic
bomb wants a saucer of milk.
Robert Oppenheimer was lonely.
Yes. This is Enrico Fermi, Richard Feynman, Edward Teller, Otto
Frisch, and Zazzles.
I was going to name him Herman von Helmholtz, but
he's so zazzy.
About what?
Clowder.
A group of cats is a clowder. Or a glaring.
It's the kind of thing you ought to know now
that we have one.
It wasn't a breakup. A breakup would imply that Amy
was my girlfriend.
You didn't break up, she dumped you.
I was there. She dumped you.
You don't have to sell me on cats, Leonard. I'm
already a fan. All right, fellas, who's in the mood
for Fancy Feast? Well, that's not fancy at all.
Come in.
Mom, what an unexpected pleasure.
I'd like you to meet Oppenheimer, Frisch, Panofsky, Feynman, Weisskopf…
What are you doing here?
Oh, that's preposterous. I'm not pining over anyone.
I do not agree. Cats make wonderful companions. They don't
argue or question my intellectual authority, and this little guy
here, I think you'll find to be quite zazzy.
Coming!
Aw. What is she doing here?
Well, rest assured, I am in full possession of my
faculties.
All right, but you're not fooling me. Whenever you say
we have to talk, it means you want me to
listen.
Yes, ma'am.
That's a peculiar conclusion. By any standard, Amy is more
similar to me than anyone I've ever met.
Well, whether you see it or not is irrelevant. I
can't see subatomic particles, but nevertheless, they're there.
A physics point.
Amy, after consideration, I believe we may have acted rashly.
I propose we resume our relationship and attempt to resolve
our differences.
I'll go as high as 40.
Done. You understand that moving forward, we deal with the
fact that my mother does not approve of you?
Would you like to see my cats?
Ah, then you may find Zazzles a little cloying.
Thank you, Amy. Here's your cat. And here's your $20.
Thank you, Amy. Here's your cat. And here's your $20.
Yes, well, if we lived in a world where slow-moving
xenon produced light, then you'd be correct. Also, pigs would
fly, my derriere would produce cotton candy, and The Phantom
Menace would be a timeless classic.
You're wrong again. If my superpower were arrogance, my name
would be Dr. Arroganto.
Oh, Penny? Penny?
Nothing. I just wanted to make Raj stop talking.
Hello. I see you decided to go with pathetic and
frightened.
Our collaboration is a work of the mind. We don't
need desks.
Correct.
You're two for two.
Oh, Lord, will this day never end? As I've explained
repeatedly to Dr. Koothrappali, whose ability to comprehend the American
idiom fails him when it's convenient, there's absolutely no money
in my budget for additional office furniture.
Yes.
That's ridiculous.
Because…
It's my office.
All right, all right. He can buy his own desk.
Well, you really want to dot the I's and cross
the T's, don't you?
They do some of their best work at night.
Penny? Penny? Penny? Penny?
One question.
Why on earth are you telling me all this?
This isn't a desk. This is a Brobdingnagian monstrosity.
It's actually British.
Brobdingnagian.
Brobdingnagian.
Brobdingnagian, Brobdingna… How did you even get it in here?
All right, you've made your point. A fine prank, very
amusing. Now get it out.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
All right, if you're not going to remove it, I'll
remove it for you.
Help me move my desk.
Yes.
Yes.
Why do you even want this here? Its size is
completely disproportionate to its purpose.
All right, I see what's going on. This is the
opening salvo in what will be an escalating series of
juvenile tit-for-tat exchanges. Well titted.
Stand by for my upcoming tat.
Yes?
I'll turn off the music when you get rid of
that salmonella-ridden parakeet!
That's it! Prepare for marshmallow death!
Yes?
I'm making hydrogen sulphide and ammonia gas. Just a little
experiment in pest control.
Well, we'll just see how long you can hold out.
Yes.
Highly. Oh, dear.
That is apt and amusing. I think I shall share
that with Amy Farrah Fowler. She'll appreciate the witticism.
It'll also help improve her initial impression of you.
Well, the status is as it always was. She's a
girl. She's a friend. She is not my, please forgive
me for doing this, girlfriend.
Leonard, you are my best friend. I've known you for
seven years, and I can barely tolerate sitting on the
couch with you. Imagine my attitude regarding prolonged physical proximity
to Amy Farrah Fowler.
I sense judgment on your part.
May I suggest that your criticism is based on jealousy.
I have a functioning and satisfying relationship with a female.
You have none.
Jealousy is an ugly green-eyed monster, not unlike the Hulk,
who, by the way, also has a girlfriend. In this
iteration, Jennifer Connelly, whom you may recall as the girlfriend
of Russell Crowe in A Beautiful Mind, a feel-good romp
if there ever was one.
Hu-u-urgh! Leonard not jealous.
You know, it just occurred to me, if there are
an infinite number of parallel universes, in one of them,
there's probably a Sheldon who doesn't believe parallel universes exist.
No point. It's just one of the things that makes
one of the mes chuckle. What makes you chuckle, Leonard?
Is it because of the conflict that arises from your
desperate need to pair-bond with a woman, and the apparent
collective decision of all womankind to deny you that opportunity?
You know, when my grandfather died, and Meemaw was alone,
my mom arranged for her to visit a centre three
times a week where she could socialize with other lonely
people. It's very nice. They discuss current events, play bridge,
get a hot meal.
It is if you like bridge. Do you like bridge,
Leonard?
Meemaw resisted at first, but now she loves it.
It's not a home. It's a senior centre. We'd never
put Meemaw in a home!
All right, I'll bow to social pressure. Hey!
No, no, no, no!
Thank you.
Leonard? Are you sleeping?
Are you ill?
Are you still depressed because you're alone, and no one
loves you?
I want you to know that I'm genuinely concerned about
your well-being.
You're welcome. But it's still no reason to have your
feet in my spot.
Since we got home from the comic bookstore.
As per your suggestion, we're hanging out. Quite frankly, I
don't see what all the hoopla's about. Go on, Amy.
Did you know that, Leonard?
I did.
Wise decision. You see, Amy, success at a bar is
based on classic male attributes such as height, strength, attractiveness,
the ability to hold one's liquor and throw darts, separately
or together. Leonard has none of these attributes, right, Leonard?
Oh! Good point, Amy. Yeah, building on your premise, Leonard
could frequent sushi bars, salad bars, oyster bars, the Apple
Genius Bar, what are you doing?
He does it all the time. He's a cornucopia of
social awkwardness.
Let's make that our word of the day.
Well, I have to void my bladder. It was nice
spending this time with you.
Yes?
I see. Can I get back to you on that?
Good night. Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard,
Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard,
Leonard.
Amy Farrah Fowler has asked me to meet her mother.
What does that mean?
Uh-huh.
Wait. What?
I don't want the next level. I like this level.
Fix it for me!
Simple! You want a girlfriend, Amy wants to be someone's
girlfriend. Take her off my hands. I give you my
blessing.
You're right. It would never work. Amy finds you tedious.
Wait! What am I supposed to do?
Leonard, I'm a physicist, not a hippie.
Screwed.
Amy's right. He is tedious.
As if one of the plants from Invasion of the
Body Snatchers duplicated you in every way, only with an
absurd amount of hair gel.
I'm removing my digital footprint from the Internet so Amy
Farrah Fowler can't find me and compel me to meet
her mother.
Exactly.
Thank you. I've also sent Amy a relationship termination notice
and changed my cell phone number and e-mail address.
She'll get lost. We no longer live at 2311 Los
Robles. We now live at 311 Los Robles.
Oh, no worries, I explained my predicament to our letter
carrier. He was sympathetic. His exact words were, Got your
back, Jack. Bitches be crazy.
Darn! She found me!
The only flaw in an otherwise perfect plan. Now, get
my back, Jack.
Tell her I'm not here.
I don't know. You'll have to devise a scenario that
plausibly explains my absence, keeping in mind that the key
to a good lie lies in the details.
Way to go on the details.
Proxima Centauri's the nearest star. The celestial bodies that follow
are Alpha Centauri A, Toli, Barnard's Star, Wolf 359, Lalande
21185, Sirius A, Sirius B, BL-Ceti, UV-Ceti, Ross 154, Ross
248, Epsilon Eridani, Lac-9352, Ross 128, Procyon A, oh, darn,
that's wrong! EZ Aquarii A, EZ Aquarii B, EZ Aquarii
C, Procyon A. Those are the stars that are nearest
to me. Tra-la-la and fiddle-dee-dee. Oh, dear. They really do
be crazy.
EZ Aquarii B, EZ Aquarii C, excuse me, madam.
Rats!
No misunderstanding. I've learned what that request actually means, and
I don't want to be joined to another object by
an inclined plane wrapped helically around an axis.
So we'd be perpetrating a ruse?
And you haven't fallen hopelessly in love with me?
Amy Farrah Fowler, that's the most pragmatic thing anyone has
ever said to me.
Of course. Would you like to join me for Chinese
food?
My apologies. Good night, Amy.
I assure you I am quite real and I'm having
regular intercourse with your daughter.
Oh, yes. We're like wild animals in heat. It's a
wonder neither of us has been hurt.
Oh, yes, it's time for me to make love to
your daughter's vagina.
Agreed. Amy, I find myself wondering if we should actually
engage in coitus at least one time in our relationship.
Bazinga. Bedtime. Please show yourself out.
Amusing. A play on the two meanings of cobbler.
Excuse me. I object. You propose a guessing game, yet
you don't give me enough time to guess. For the
record, I was going to say your sister Priya.
Why would I change?
Given that when we met her she was finishing law
school and planning an internship at a large Indian car
company, it's actually extremely plausible.
Why would I touch her, she's covered with airplane germs.
Cobbler. I'm still laughing.
I always tell people, if you have only one day
in Los Angeles, make it a train day.
The fun starts with brunch at Carney's in Studio City,
a hot dog stand in a converted railroad dining car.
Next stop, Travel Town, an outdoor museum featuring 43 railroad
engines, cars and other rolling stock from the 1880 s
to the 1930 s. Finally, we're off to the glitz
and glamour of Hollywood for dinner at, that's right, the
Hollywood Carney's, a hot dog stand in a different converted
railroad dining car.
Well then apparently, you hate fun.
He rejected train day.
Abundantly.
That's what I said.
Do you like trains?
You might as well just wait at the airport for
your flight.
You are in a forest. There is quicksand to the
west, a path leads to the east. Go east. An
iron gate blocks your way. Open gate. It's locked. Hmm,
well, so much for that.
I've found an emulator online that lets you play classic
text based computer games from the 1980 s.
Oh yes. It runs on the world's most powerful graphics
chip, imagination.
Go north. You can't go that way. Go west. A
troll blocks your passage. Okay, fasten your seatbelts, kill troll.
With what? With sword. You don't have the sword. Good
golly, it's as if it's actually happening to me.
Hit troll with axe. Hit troll with axe. Hit troll
with axe. Oh my, this is one tough troll.
Leonard, I'm trapped in quicksand, the axe is dragging me
down.
Drop axe. Brilliant.
Hold on. I have to figure out how to get
the bucket, so I can carry the mud past the
dragon.
I know.
Five more minutes.
Everyone will see my oddly shaped uvula.
No. But it's a shame our society mocks the differently
uvulated. Who was at the door?
That's unacceptable. We're supposed to be given written notice.
Well, what if I spill tomato soup on my shirt
and have to come home to change, only to find
there's no water for an enzyme soak.
I'll have the chicken noodle. Goodnight.
I know how to get the bucket! I can turn
the axe around and use the handle to reach it.
Let's see. Go north. You are in a forest. Go
north. You are in a forest. Go north. You are
in a forest. Oh dear, I believe I'm lost. Well,
I'll just have to get a fresh start tomorrow.
Yes.
Leonard. Leonard. Leonard.
I heard a woman laughing.
Oh. Well, good job, quite convincing. I smell perfume.
And is that lipstick on your cheek and neck.
My sympathies. I am no stranger to the crimson scourge
that is dermatitis. Can I interest you in a topical
steroid from my lotion and unguent collection?
Very well, I'm sure I can find something that will
help you ditch that itch.
Do you prefer ointment or cream?
With or without a numbing agent?
Really? Leonard, there are no heroes when it comes to
dermatitis.
Prescription or non-prescription strength.
Well, I think I have a nice 2009 AnaMantle HC.
It's usually indicated for acutely inflamed haemorrhoids, but it also
goes nicely with non mucosal body parts.
Excellent choice.
Priya?
For shame, Leonard. For shame. And to think I was
ready to waste the last of my good haemorrhoid cream
on you.
Is that really what you want to talk about, Leonard?
What do you want to talk about?
There it is. What if someone asks?
Perhaps. But they might ask me something else.
Like, has Leonard betrayed any of his friends recently?
In fact, you did, but I was referring to Howard.
April 12 th, 2005, Bob's Big Boy, Toluca Lake. Raj
had just introduced us to Priya for the first time,
and she was enjoying the sweet taste of Hindu rebellion
in the form of a Bob's Super Big Boy hamburger.
In order to preserve your friendship, you and Howard made
a pinky swear that neither of you would attempt to
woo her. I had a patty melt.
And Raj.
And me.
Violation of the roommate agreement, overnight guest notification clause.
You're far too short to be Darth Vader. At best
you might be a turncoat Ewok.
You mean, you want me to keep a secret.
You know I can't keep a secret.
Why do you get to be Batman?
Well Alfred has secrets too.
Alfred knows that Barbara Gordon is Batgirl. Which I've now
just told to Batman. See, I can't keep a secret.
Ta-da!
Ta-da. It's short for da-da-da-da!
I know, that's why I shortened it.
I came to go over your alibi for last night.
You've asked me to lie on your behalf, and as
you know, I am deeply uncomfortable with impromptu dishonest, so
I've provided you with an iron clad alibi. You couldn't
have spent last night with Priya, because you were with
another woman.
The fun loving, and morally loose, Miss Maggie McGeary.
You met her at Pasadena's most popular Irish watering hole,
Lucky Baldwin's, where Maggie spends her nights tending bar, with
a head full of curls and a heart full of
dreams.
And if anyone were to actually call that number they
will hear this.
It's pretty convincing, huh? And it wasn't even a real
person. And here is the clincher. A lock of Maggie's
flaming auburn hair.
From an orang-u-tan in the primate lab.
Well, no-one's going to run a DNA test on it,
Leonard, honestly you over-think everything.
And I have nothing to contribute to this conversation. Because
I too know absolutely nothing about Priya's preferences in male
companionship. And with that, I will re-zip my lip.
Oh, I've heard of that place, isn't that Pasadena's favourite
Irish watering hole.
Did you meet anyone interesting there, perhaps a promiscuous redheaded
barmaid?
Sure you can, you're doing fine, it's very believable.
Don't listen to him, he's still light headed from all
the Irish whiskey and pickled eggs in his system.
I believe they engaged in coitus but, more importantly, if
Leonard had not abandoned his story, would you have found
it plausible?
May I point out, in a parallel universe, your friends
are saying Maggie McGeary, she sounds lovely.
I think a more amusing violation of Raj's trust is
when Howard convinced him that foreigners give presents to Americans
on Thanksgiving.
Well, excuse me. That was not a betrayal, that was
an experiment to determine at what concentration food starts tasting
mothy.
For science.
You used my toothbrush?
And I'm sorry. But that behaviour is beyond the pale
and cannot be tolerated. We are no longer friends.
With real puffing smoke?
Alright. But I'm watching you.
Well, sure.
Guess.
No.
You're so close.
Mango, caterpillar. What are you doing? You said you liked
it!
The capybara is the largest member of the rodent family.
Nothing. It was a desperate attempt to introduce an alternate
topic of conversation.
Excuse me. If we're changing topics, I believe I have
first dibs with capybara, a rodent the size of a
baby hippo.
You know, I try very hard to make our lunch
hours educational and informative, but your insistence on talking about
your own lives stymies me at every turn.
No, you squandered your time with me, and the moment
has now passed. Feast on your disappointment, much as the
capybara feasts on its own waste.
Not particularly.
I suppose I could if I were asked.
Of course. Why do you have to make things so
complicated?
Yes.
You say you're Special Agent Page, FBI.
And here is my Justice League membership card. But that
doesn't prove I know Batman.
Oh. All right. I doubt anyone would risk the stiff
penalties for impersonating a federal officer just to ask questions
about a minor league engineer with an unresolved Oedipal complex.
For the record, I truly support the FBI in the
mission which is expressed through their motto?
Correct. Now to business. 18 years ago, I sent the
FBI Crime Lab samples from a bag of excrement that
had been lit on fire on my front porch for
fingerprinting and DNA analysis. Why haven't I heard back yet?
That's of little comfort to a nation attempting to scrape
burning feces off its shoes.
A little, but go on.
I'm going to answer that with a visual aid. This
is my nine-disc complete Lord of the Rings trilogy blu-ray
set. Mr. Wolowitz borrowed it, damaged plastic retention hub number
three, and then returned it to me, hoping I wouldn't
notice. Would you characterize that as responsible?
You heard me say blu-ray, right?
Very well. Would you be interested in knowing that Mr.
Wolowitz once snuck onto my World of Warcraft account and
changed the name of a certain level-80 warlock from Sheldondor
to Smeldor?
Is there anything else? Where would you like to start?
He refuses to pay fines when he's overdue with books
I lend him. He crashed the Mars Rover while attempting
to impress a woman. He recommended that I go see
the third Matrix movie because it was, and I quote,
just as good as the first one. If that's not
irresponsible, I don't know what is.
Did I say Mars Rover?
That was actually a poorly chosen example, as it had
nothing to do with me.
I don't want to. Not that my disinclination to discuss
the topic should be interpreted as evidence of Howard Wolowitz's
culpability in the destruction of government property worth millions of
dollars.
Oh, good. I was afraid you were going to fixate
on that Mars Rover incident.
Well, your expectations have been subverted. Aha.
Sleep eludes me, Leonard.
Mockery? That's all you have to offer?
Who knows? I haven't watched any scary movies recently. I'm
no longer obsessing over why the predicted mass of the
quantum vacuum has little effect on the expansion of the
universe. And it's been weeks since I took that accidental
sip of Red Bull.
Well, I did mention the Mars Rover incident to that
FBI agent and probably cost Howard his security clearance.
But why should that keep me up?
Interesting. So you're saying my insomnia is caused by a
guilty conscience.
Excuse me?
Do you have any evidence to support that hypothesis?
That seems fairly conclusive. (In his bed) No, Gorn, no.
That's where I sit.
Thank you for agreeing to see me, Agent Page.
Yes.
No.
I'm sorry. I don't recall you saying no backsies.
Yes. I'd like to offer a laudatory statement about Howard's
many excellent qualities that I believe will tip the scales
back in his favour. Howard Joel Wolowitz. H is for
honesty, of which he has much. O's for outstanding, which
he is such. W's for witty, he's quick with a
joke. A's for artistic, his ability…
But I still have rd Joel Wolowitz left to go.
I don't understand why you people are picking on my
friend, Howard, when there are much more serious security threats
to pursue. For instance, when I first met Leonard, he
was on the verge of giving away rocket secrets to
a North Korean spy, and not one agent ever investigated
that.
No, it's a different Leonard. He's Chinese, red hair, six
fingers. Good-bye.
Raj. Have you seen Howard?
I'm quite familiar with Dr. Tyson. He's responsible for the
demotion of Pluto from planetary status. I liked Pluto. Ergo
I do not like you.
If ifs and buts were candy and nuts, we'd all
have a merry Christmas. Think about that, Dr. Tyson.
Howard. The person at fault for you not getting a
security clearance is me.
Yes, but before you get upset, I want you to
know I went to the FBI and retracted my statement.
No. If anything, I made it worse. In any case,
I have been riddled with guilt, which is causing Gorn-infested
REM sleep. So, I'm here now to say I'm sorry.
Yes. I followed the social protocol. I attempted to right
the wrong, and when I failed to do so I
delivered a heartfelt apology. Now you say apology accepted, and
I will offer you a one-time-only high five.
You're tricking me. It really is, isn't it?
Oh, shut up.
Hello.
I have troubles, Penny. I've come to pour them out
to the sympathetic ear of the local barkeep.
I don't like the Olive Garden. They treat me like
family.
Alcohol.
Ethyl alcohol. 40 millilitres.
Ah. Blame President James “Jimmy” Carter. He started America on
a path to the metric system but then just gave
up. He wonders why he was a one-term president.
More or less.
I believe you were about to ask me to choose
a cocktail. Fortunately, thanks to computer-savvy alcoholics, there's an app
for that. Let's see. Harvey Wallbanger. Eh. Sex on the
Beach. I hardly think so. Rob Roy, Silk Slipper, Mad
Hatter. Ooh! I'll have a Rosewater Ricky.
You'll need pitted, brandied cherries, gin, rosewater, angostura bitters and
overproofed rum. Now, first, dust the cherries with sugar, then
spray them with a mixture of rum and bitters. Then
ignite the rum, caramel…
That's not how it looks in the picture.
All right. To the metric system. I can't taste the
cherries.
I wronged Howard, and he won't accept my apology.
Penny, you face failure on a daily basis. How do
you cope?
To drinking. Nope. Oh, if only there were some way
to force Howard to accept my apology so I could
escape this miasma of guilt.
I see. You're saying I'm facing Starfleet Academy's unwinnable command
scenario, the Kobayashi Maru.
Captain Kirk won.
Impressive that you know that. It's hard to believe I'm
actually having this conversation with you.
Kirk beat the Kobayashi Maru by reprogramming the simulator. That's
it.
I'll reprogram Howard.
No, you can't reprogram people. To James Tiberius Kirk.
Hello, all.
Howard, you're feeling better about me today, aren't you?
Yes, you are. I'm using neurolinguistic programming to modify your
thought patterns.
There's a nine ninety five e-book down the drain.
It's for Howard.
Nevertheless, I've hurt you, and whether you forgive me or
not, I want you to have this.
No. The cushion is merely symbolic. I'm giving you my
spot on the couch.
No. I love my mother. My feelings for my spot
are much greater. It is the singular location in space
around which revolves my entire universe. And now it's yours.
High five. Not too hard. Thank you.
I changed my mind. Get out of my spot.
That's the work of noted Hollywood costume designer Deborah Nadoolman.
She also designed the iconic red and black jacket in
Michael Jackson's Thriller video, which I've never viewed in its
entirety, as I find zombies dancing in choreographed synchronicity implausible.
And also, it's really scary.
There's no switch. Just listen and learn.
Because the print they're showing on Friday has an additional
21 seconds of previously unseen footage.
Did Leonard? I'm no expert, but I believe what we
just heard from Penny was sarcasm. Oh, good. I'm eight
for 26 this month.
May I point out to you all that the screening
is first come, first served?
Another way of saying that is the movie starts at
midnight, and it's already five o'clock. Let's go.
See? Howard's on my side.
Drat. Now I'm 8 for 27.
What happened to the Leonard Hofstadter who waited in line
with me for 14 hours to see the midnight premiere
of Star Trek
But how were our seats?
I rest my case. Amy, don't you agree we should
leave now and get in line?
Shrewd.
Wait, now, we don't know that yet. He isn't finished.
I have a girlfriend and you don't who?
Knock-knock.
Hugh.
Hugh people need to listen to me. It's time to
get in line for the movie. And that's how you
tell a knock-knock joke.
Under normal circumstances I'd say, I told you so. But
as I have told you so with such vehemence and
frequency already, the phrase has lost all meaning. Therefore, I
will be replacing it with the phrase I informed you
thusly.
I informed you thusly.
This is where we could have been if we hadn't
stopped for dinner. This is where we could have been
if Koothrappali hadn't ordered dessert.
And here's where we are. The runts in a large
litter, unlikely to ever reach the nourishing teats of Indiana
Jones.
What did he say?
We might not get seats?
Oh, I informed you thusly. I so informed you thusly.
Well, if it isn't Wil Wheaton, the Jar Jar Binks
of the Star Trek universe.
Well, you-sa can go think that at the back of
the line. No cuts, no buts, no coconuts.
Of what? Poorly executed beards?
This is Indiana Jones, not Star Trek. There should be
no value to his pseudo-celebrity here. And even at Star
Trek conventions, they only let him in if he helps
set up.
I will not calm down. This affront to justice and
decency cannot go unanswered. As Captain Jean-Luc Picard once said,
the line must be drawn here! This far, no farther!
Listen to what Mr. Wil Wheaton is tweeting. Best seats
in house for Raiders screening. Suck on that, Sheldon Cooper.
I believe in knowing my enemy, Leonard. Had Twitter existed
at the time, would not General Custer have followed the
tweets of Sitting Bull? Would not Lee have followed Grant?
Would not Spy have followed Spy? I have more examples,
but excuse me. Hello. Well, this seems like an odd
time to test my cell phone quality, but go on.
Test phrases? All right. Imatote. Ulbu. Twad. All together? I'm
a total buttwad. Why are you laughing? Hello?
Munching on complimentary popcorn. Woot, woot. Oh, the gall. I
hope his next tweet is popcorn lodged in trachea, choking
to death, woot, woot.
No!
This is nothing but a blatant abuse of power by
a petty functionary. Explain to me why Wil Wheaton and
his lackeys get in and we don't.
You know what? I'm going back to I told you
so. I told you so.
Look, a side door. Come on, Short Round.
You whistled?
Raiders of the Lost Ark, with 21 additional seconds. If
I can't see it, no one else can see it.
No. Crazy was leaving the projection booth unattended.
Trouble is my middle name, Leonard. Actually, it's Lee, but
I prefer Trouble.
Don't worry, Wil Wheaton. I was just leaving. Da-da-da-da, da-da-da!
Da-da-da-da, da-da-da!
Why is there never a pontoon plane when you need
one?
As usual, you're all wrong. The bravest person in the
Marvel Universe is the doctor who gives Wolverine his prostate
exam.
Now you just being silly. Wolverine's never displayed the slightest
interest in helping others prevent prostate cancer. Hello. Yes, the
elevator's out of order you'll have to use the stairs.
Of course you can. Pizza dates back to the 16
th century, while the first elevator was not installed until
1852. That means that for over 300 years, people carried
pizzas up stairs. Be part of that proud tradition.
Are you sure you have enough comics? You're going to
be monitoring the telescope for 12 hours, and by my
estimate, you've only selected seven hours of reading material. That's
even factoring in your difficulty in parsing American comic book
idioms like Bamf and Snikt.
I don't care for novelty editions of Monopoly. I prefer
the classics, regular and Klingon.
You went out in the hallway, stumbled into an interdimensional
portal which brought you 5,000 years into the future, where
you took advantage of the advanced technology to build a
time machine, and now you're back to bring us all
with you to the year 7010 where we are transported
to work at the thinkatorium by telepathically controlled flying dolphins?
Aw.
Well, who would ever guess that?
Einstein defined insanity as doing the same thing over and
over again and expecting different results. By that standard, Penny
is cuckoo for cocoa puffs.
If it'll make you feel better, we rarely listen.
I'm starting to think we're never going to see that
pizza.
Oh, friggety-frak. Not this again.
Leonard, Penny, excellent. I'd like to say I'm very happy
that you're back together, and if I can figure out
a way to do so and sound sincere, I will.
In the meantime, I'd like to go over some proposed
changes to the roommate agreement specifically to address Penny's annoying
personal habits.
Include me in what? Is there a plot afoot? I'll
have no truck with plots.
Uh, we don't discuss anything. Leonard is the signatory to
the Roommate Agreement. As such, he bears responsibility for all
your infractions and must pay all fines.
Yes. If Penny's going to be spending nights here again,
you'll need to set up an escrow account. Sign here.
Oh, there you are. Just so you know, I was
up all night, but I have finally completed the Penny-specific
section of the new roommate agreement.
Do you even think about other people, Leonard? Do you?
I'm going to propose a hypothesis. Last night, Raj accidentally
made contact with an alien civilization and has been ordered
by the United States government to keep it a secret.
That sounds rehearsed. We are not alone.
Hello.
Clarify something for me. Isn't the point of a communal
meal the exchange of ideas and opinions? An opportunity to
consider important issues of the day?
Well, we could argue about who said what all night
long, but to set things back on course, I will
propose a new topic of conversation.
What is the best number? By the way, there's only
one correct answer.
Wrong. The best number is 73. You're probably wondering why.
73 is the 21 st prime number. Its mirror, 37,
is the 12 th, and its mirror, 21, is the
product of multiplying, hang on to your hats, seven and
three. Eh? Eh? Did I lie?
Chuck Norris wishes. In binary, 73 is a palindrome, one-zero-zero-one-zero-zero-one
which backwards is one-zero-zero-one-zero-zero-one, exactly the same. All Chuck Norris
backwards gets you is Sirron Kcuhc.
Aren't you slicing that man's brain a little too thin?
Well, you're the expert. If the correct way to do
it is the wrong way, then I yield.
Thank you.
Are you monitoring your circadian rhythms in order to identify
your periods of maximum mental acuity? I did that one
summer. Ah, youth.
I'd be happy to create a chart and participate in
a differential diagnosis.
All right. What were the symptoms?
Localized to what region?
Interesting. Not body parts that usually team up. What about
environmental factors? Describe the scene for me.
Who?
Then why did you ask?
Who.
All right, let's start over. What did you say when
Zack walked in?
Zack.
Because you keep saying who.
And the answer was Zack, correct?
All right, I think I have enough to go on.
Possible explanations for your symptoms are, in descending order of
likelihood, hyperthyroidism, premature menopause, hosting an alien parasite or, and
I only include it for the sake of covering absolutely
all bases, sexual arousal.
How about your follicle-stimulating hormone levels?
Are you sure? You said that with the testy bark
of an old biddy.
Hang on. I don't know that we've given the alien
parasite hypothesis a fair shake.
A cross we all must bear. You know, in difficult
moments like this, I often turn to a force greater
than myself.
Star Trek. Did you see Star Trek
Don't. It's terrible. However, in it, we learn that when
Spock finds himself drawn off the path of logic by
feelings bubbling up from his human half, he suppresses them
using the Vulcan mental discipline of Kolinar.
Cheap science fiction?
Using Kolinar to suppress my anger at that last comment.
I hadn't considered that. Give me a moment. All right,
I've considered it.
I reject it.
I think I'll eat my lunch at home.
Oh. As they were incorrectly sliced, you can see how
I could mistake them for my sashimi.
Hello.
The supermarket was out of my regular fabric softener. If
this one under or over-softens, I'll need time to make
things right.
The alternative would be to think backwards. And that's just
remembering.
Amy's changed. I might have to let her go.
I thought she was a highly evolved creature of pure
intellect, like me. But recent events indicate that she may
be a slave to her baser urges. Like you.
What insult?
Forget science. She's horny.
It's simple biology. There's nothing I can do about it.
What are you suggesting?
It's illegal to spay a human being.
Oh. Oh! You mean something I could do.
Well, I was hoping to avoid this. But I might
as well get it over with. Thank you, Penny. I'll
let you know what happens.
Yes. This is Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Is this the Zack
Johnson who used to have coitus with my neighbour Penny?
Sorry to bother you. Hello. I'm looking for a Zack
Johnson who used to have coitus with my neighbour Penny.
Coitus. It means intercourse. And I have a feeling I'm
speaking to the right Zack. This is Sheldon Cooper. Fine.
Sheldonly. Yes, that does sound like a girl's name. No,
it doesn't bother me. Yes, Smelly Sheldonly does bother me.
Let me tell you why I'm calling. I'd like to
know if you'd be interested in having sex with Amy
Farrah Fowler. Amy Farrah Fowler. Yes, that is a girl's
name. Good grief. It's like trying to talk to a
dolphin.
Look at this stamp. On what authority are they permitted
to mutilate patrons as they enter?
Little comfort tonight. I look like a Hell's Angel.
Are you sure this is what you want to do?
Go, Amy Farrah Fowler. Follow your endocrine system.
Please don't drag this out. This is never going to
come off.
I'm glad you decided to reject your animal hindbrain and
return to the realm of pure intellect.
What are you doing?
Not so fast. Infinite Sheldon.
Yes, Infinite Sheldon defeats all other cards and does not
violate the rule against homemade cards because I made it
at work.
No, although it's a question I've been pondering since preschool.
Was the starfish wearing boxer shorts? Because you might have
been watching Nickelodeon.
Oh, that's easy enough. We'd need a large tank of
water, a hoop to jump through, and a bucket of
whatever bite-sized treats you find tasty.
That's not correct. We were implying it. You then inferred
it.
Zack, I'm sorry you're stupid. Have a Milk Dud.
Yeah, Milk Duds, with their self-deprecating name and remarkably mild
flavour, are the most apologetic of the boxed candies.
You're embarrassing yourself.
Penny.
That's very hurtful.
Milk Dud?
Junior Mints.
Literally? Literally a million years?
In the bedrooms of ten-year-old girls, where they belong.
Of course. We're coming as the Justice League of America.
To that point, it occurs to me that we might
have an opportunity to finally snare Best Group Costume if
we shore up our weak link, which is clearly Leonard
as Superman.
That's sad. Let's ask ourselves, is there anyone we know
who would make a more manly and convincing son of
Krypton?
I was thinking specifically of the gentleman over there moving
his lips as he enjoys the latest exploits of Betty
and Veronica.
Why not? Penny did it.
Congratulations. Zack, how would you like to be Superman?
Excuse me, I believe Aquaman uses his telepathic powers to
request the fish do their business elsewhere.
Complete with bulletproof bracelets and lasso of truth. Invisible plane
sold separately.
Amy Farrah Fowler doesn't believe in wearing costumes. She isn't
the free spirit I am.
We're going to be late. I'm pacing nervously.
This is how the Flash paces.
I'm not Sheldon. I'm the Flash. And now I'm going
to the Grand Canyon to scream in frustration. I'm back.
Oh, I hardly think so. The real caped crusader calls
his crime-fighting cohorts when he's running late.
I'm sorry. But in what universe is Wonder Woman blonde?
Don't. He's making our case.
Penny, Penny, Penny, Penny, Penny, Penny, Penny, Penny, Penny, Penny,
Penny, Penny, Penny, Penny, Penny, Penny, Penny, Penny, Penny, Penny.
I'm the Flash. I just knocked 30,000 times.
I understand why you're upset.
Yes. You're afraid that costume makes you look fat.
Don't worry. Wonder Woman was an Amazon. And Amazons tend
to be very beefy gals.
But they're not blonde, so put on your wig. Hello?
I may have failed.
Obviously, we're no longer a Justice League. We have no
choice but to switch to our Muppet Baby costumes.
I'm Kermit. You're Scooter.
Yes. And make her wear the black wig. Good luck.
Oh.
What's the bad news?
Thank you! Thank you so much!
No, wait! I have a speech.
Stop counting!
This is my moment, dag nab it!
I'm not going to say another word until you people
settle down. I'm waiting.
We're the Justice League of America. There's only one thing
we can do. Turn around and slowly walk away.
Good Lord, how you frustrate me, Leonard Hofstadter! Fine.
I won't say that all senior citizens who can't master
technology should be publicly flogged, but if we made an
example of one or two, it might give the others
incentive to try harder.
Howard doesn't. He's only an engineer.
You know, Leonard, that's actually a valid idea. Very good.
No. The two achievements are equally surprising and equally admirable,
though if pressed, I'd have to give a slight edge
to the cat. I'll save you the pain and nervousness
of waiting for the answer. I agree to be part
of your project. Congratulations.
Oh!
Oh, dear Lord, shush.
You have so few good ideas, Leonard. And you're just
going to spill the beans in front of an outsider?
The stars at night are big and bright, deep in
the heart of Texas.
The prairie sky is wide and high, deep in the
heart…
Of Texas.
Hardly. Consider this unlikely but very plausible scenario. A young
woman alone in the big city. Her ridiculous dream of
becoming an actress lies shattered about her.
Then it hits her. How is she going to survive?
I mean, she has no prospects, no marketable skills. And
then one day, she meets a group of geniuses and
their friend Howard.
She befriends them, and then lies in wait until they
reveal a marketable idea, which she steals and sells to
the highest bidder.
Oh, is it? Well let's see you come up with
an explanation as to why this woman hangs out with
us all the time.
All right, I've taken the liberty of drafting these workflow
charts which outline our various duties and the path we
will follow as we develop our ground-breaking new app.
A customer service representative with an Indian accent will create
the impression we're a vast enterprise that uses overseas call
centres.
Duly noted, Steve from Wichita.
Because the word secretary has fallen into disrepute. FYI, my
mother's birthday is coming up. I'm going to need you
to pick up a present.
Leonard, please, we can talk during our break. We have
one coming up at midnight. We'll need snacks.
Oh, of course you are. Look at the organizational chart.
You're clearly listed as founder.
You missed Chief Science Officer, Chairman of the Board, and
Head of the Secret Santa Committee.
All right. All right, I'm not going to argue with
you. Sheldon Cooper is nothing if not a team player.
Dr. Hofstadter, you have the conn.
Oh, dear Lord, we're doomed.
Good one, boss.
This diagram. I assume you were opening with a joke.
It certainly buoyed up this employee's esprit de corps.
In that case, may I offer 27 little tweaks to
make it slightly less embarrassing?
Oh, I'm, I'm sorry. I assumed that you wanted candid
truth-telling from your employees, but I realize now, you want
the mindless nattering of complacent yes-men.
If you say so, boss.
How about this for the app name? The Surprisingly Helpful
Equation-Linked Differential Optimized Numerator.
Does it? A happy accident.
All right, fine. If we're not going to give it
a name, can we at least give it a secret
code designation?
Well, but hear me out. The atomic bomb was The
Manhattan Project. Windows 95 was originally Project Chicago. For our
app, I would humbly suggest Project Nodlehs.
Another happy accident.
I see. Is that decision open for discussion?
Is the decision to not discuss it open for discussion?
I call for a vote of no confidence and an
immediate change in leadership.
When in the course of human events, it becomes necessary
to dissolve the bonds that tie three competent scientists together…
All right, let's get right to the vote. Show of
hands all those opposed to Leonard and his reign of
tyranny.
Really? Why?
I see. And is that open for discussion?
Oh. Good morning, shoemaker. I think you'll be pleased with
what the elves were up to last night.
Oh, I know. I'm now an independent contractor.
But I made it better.
Well, that speaks volumes, doesn't it? All right, I suppose
I'll go put on my bus pants.
They are pants one wears over one's regular pants when
one sits on bus seats that other people have previously
sat on. But perhaps from your lofty heights atop the
corporate ladder, you've lost touch with the struggles of the
common man.
Except you identified me, your best friend, as a gangrenous
limb that needed to be severed from the organism and
tossed away. The desperate act of a little man with
a big NapoLeonard complex.
Good morning, Friend Howard. Friend Raj. I see you gentlemen
are enjoying beverages. Perhaps they would taste better out of
these.
Don't thank me. You earned it.
I'm sorry. I typed that into the label maker, but
I just couldn't press enter. Now down to business. What
would it take for you to abandon Leonard and join
me in a rival company? Unless, of course, the mugs
are sufficient, in which case, welcome aboard.
I understand. And your loyalty is admirable. But what if
I were to up the ante?
Monogrammed key chains with a built-in laser pointer. No? How
about can cosies emblazoned with our university mascot? Go, Beavers.
I'll be back.
Greetings, gentlemen. How goes your little project?
Ah, a combination of all your names. Very clever. I
assume Koothranardowitz was taken?
Oh, well then, by all means, carry on. I wouldn't
want to impede your progress.
Playing the theremin.
Playing it. I've loved the theremin from the first moment
I heard the original Star Trek theme. And it's been
killing me that it just sits in my closet, gathering
dust.
That's all right. I can barely hear you over my
theremin. Well, that was a little uncalled for.
So, your project is more important than mine?
Don't beat around the bush, Leonard. If you don't want
me here, just say the word, and I'll leave.
Could have beaten around the bush a little.
Nobody knows the trouble I've seen, nobody knows my sorrow-ow-ow-ow.
I'm practicing my theremin.
Nobody knows the trouble I've seen. Glory, hallelujah.
Leonard kicked me out of my own apartment. And his
app team.
He wouldn't drive me to work today. I had to
wear my bus pants.
Yes. And they're still sticky.
Probably going to have to throw them away.
With you?
Is it better than your idea to move to Los
Angeles and become a famous actress?
That's your app idea?
I didn't say that. But no, I don't.
Oh, Penny, where do I begin? The simple-mindedness of your
idea is exceeded only by its crass consumerism and banality.
I know, it's baffling. Nobody knows the trouble I've seen.
Do you make it with milk or water?
Real cocoa?
Do you have those little marshmallows?
Well, I suppose it's appropriate.
A disappointing drink for a disappointing day.
Really? Leonard wants me back?
Well, we sure saw that coming.
You know what I'm going to do? I am going
to sit here and just let them stew.
How?
Oh, no. Mrs. Mary Cooper didn't raise her no liars.
No.
I was being sarcastic.
Of course. He will hear it as an attempt to
mend fences, as opposed to the withering condemnation you and
I will know it to be.
Oh, by the way, thank you for the delicious cocoa.
Boy, I'm getting good at this.
Before you begin, let me say again how deeply sorry
I am for my earlier behaviour and how much I
respect and admire your leadership.
Well, I must say, I am impressed.
You all have clearly put in a lot of hard
work.
As a result, you have taken the most important step
on the road to success, learning what not to do.
Now, let's start fresh. Howard, we're going to need some
tea.
Bored.
Algorithm. You see, Penny, Alan Turing defined an algorithm…
Nobody knows the trouble I've seen, nobody knows my sorrow…
Since we come in every Tuesday night at six o'clock
and order the same exact thing, and it's now six
oh eight, I believe your question not only answers itself
but also stands alongside such other nonsensical queries as who
let the dogs out? and, uh, How are they hanging?
Probably serving food that was ordered today.
In order to take a vacation, one first has to
work.
I trust Penny will adhere to the Official California Restaurant
Workers' Solemn Oath of Ethics and Cleanliness.”
You lied to me?
Good morning. If I could have everyone's attention, please? I
know we're all eager to get on the road to
Big Sur, so if we focus, I'm sure we can
get through this orientation in under a half an hour.
Then it's just Q&A, quiz, safety drills, pose for commemorative
group photo and we're off.
Raj? What are you doing? I don't think so. You've
had your allotted six ounces. The first bathroom break isn't
until the Denny's located near Bakersfield, which is approximately two
and half hours away. Remember, people, we're only as strong
as our weakest bladder.
All right. We have seven people, and two cars. In
the lead car, driven by Leonard, will be myself, Amy
Farrah Fowler and Penny.
She made the case that if we break down in
the middle of nowhere, your Nebraska backwoods skills and brawny
hands will give us the best chance to survive in
the wild.
Red Leader to Red Five, come in. Red Leader to
Red Five, come in. Howard, you promised.
It's eleven fifteen. I'm requesting your quarter-hourly location update.
Copy that, Red Five. Radio contact is sufficient. No need
to extend your middle finger.
Indeed. Nothing sours a friendship more than over-familiarity with someone's
toilet routine.
No. Amy?
No.
Amy, it's Penny's turn. Penny?
That's not apropos. We've already established I'm found in the
periodic table.
I knew she wasn't lead car material.
Leonard.
Although Road Trip God does have a certain ring to
it.
Please tell me you're not having coitus.
Can you guarantee that it won't happen at any time
during the night?
Raj? Raj? Raj? I need to sleep here tonight.
Howard is a complete and total ass, Bernadette is in
Penny's bed, Amy bites, and Penny may or may not
have coitus with Leonard.
Good morning and welcome to Science and Society. I'm Dr.
Sheldon Cooper, BS, MS, MA, PhD, and ScD. OMG, right?
Perhaps that joke was a little too hippie-dippy for this
crowd. All right then, we'll begin with opening remarks. Miss
Rostenkowski, would you like to start us off by discussing
your assessment of science's responsibility to society?
Dr. Koothrappali, would you care to join the conversation?
Excuse me. We're not taking comments or questions from the
audience just yet.
All right, why don't we see if we can bring
this back to topic.
I guess not.
All right, why don't we open it up to Q&A
from the audience?
Red Leader to Red Five. Red Leader to Red Five.
Anybody up for a little game? I spy with my
little eye, a nonferrous metal.
Must be out of range.
All right, if no one's going to guess, I was
spying the aluminium rims on the police car we passed
a few miles back.
Good evening. I'm your guest lecturer, Dr. Sheldon Cooper. I
was expecting applause, but I suppose stunned silence is equally
appropriate. I agreed to speak to you this evening, because
I was told that you're the best and the brightest
of this university's doctoral candidates. Hmm. Of course, that's like
saying you are the most important electron in a hydrogen
atom. ‘Cause, you see, there's only one electron in a
hydrogen atom. Best and brightest, my sweet patootie. All right,
let's begin. Show of hands, who here is familiar with
the concept of topological insulators? Don't kid yourselves.
Good evening, Leonard, Howard, Raj, freeloader.
Oh, yes, you should have seen those young people. Thirsty
for knowledge, drinking in my wisdom. I may have changed
a few lives today.
Tell me what?
Oh, tweets about my lecture. Hmm. That's rather unfair. That's
downright cruel. Plus, insects have six legs. Yeah, I'm not
familiar with the acronym KMN.
Well, I suppose everyone's entitled to their own opinion. I
think I'll turn in. I didn't want to teach those
poopy heads, anyway.
It's a charming illusion, but it does not cheer me
up.
No.
Do you realize that teaching is the first thing I've
failed at since my ill-fated attempt to complete a chin-up
in March of 1989?
For instance?
Hmm, no. One slip of the hand, and suddenly I'm
sitting in the Engineering Department, building doodads with Wolowitz.
Isn't that their burden? I'm the one with something interesting
to say.
I sense that you're trying to slow-walk me to an
epiphany. Would you mind very much jumping to it?
Acting lessons. Interesting. It might help if I could act
as though I care about my students and whether or
not they learn.
Penny. Penny. Penny.
You're an actress, correct?
All right. You're an actress. I need you to teach
me.
Perhaps two. I'd like to master the craft.
It has been suggested to me that acting techniques could
improve my lecturing, at which, if certain tweets and blogs
are to be believed, I suck the big one.
So, when could we start?
I suppose that's one way to look at it.
Are you going to help me or not?
Oh, I'm sorry, I thought making the transition from actor
to acting teacher was the signal that one's career had
reached the end of the road.
I'll pay you 40 dollars.
Penny. Penny. Penny.
Nothing. I was acting.
Yes. In preparation for today's studies, I read Stanislavski's An
Actor Prepares, Stella Adler's The Technique of Acting, Uta Hagen's
Respect for Acting, and Henry Winkler's Heyyy, I'm an Actor.
How shall we begin?
All right.
You said to do whatever feels natural. This feels natural.
Certainly more natural than what you're doing.
Penny, my body and I have a relationship that works
best when we maintain a cool, wary distance from each
other.
You're the teacher.
Why not? It seems like you're improvising your entire curriculum.
Gotcha.
All right.
Action.
Hey, you taught me something. Who would have thought it?
I'd like a frozen yogurt, please.
Yeah.
You do?
All right. Yes. I see a sign. It says Camarillo
State Mental Hospital.
It's the only explanation I can come up with for
why you think you sell shoes and yogurt.
Oh, and we're going to use props?
You have any frozen yogurt?
Yes. I didn't care for it.
So is the McRib sandwich. I don't care for that,
either.
I'm glad you asked. I took the liberty of adapting
a Star Trek fan fiction novella I wrote when I
was ten into a one-act play.
Why don't we leave that for future generations to decide?
It's the story of a young boy who is transported
from the ignorant backwoods of East Texas to the 23
rd Century, where his genius is not only appreciated, but
celebrated.
Now, in this pivotal scene, Sheldon's mother, played by you,
argues with an emissary of the United Federation of Planets,
Mr. Spock, the role I will bring to life.
Why would we want to do that? It's called the
comfort zone for a reason.
I'm sorry. You'll be Spock?
Very well. I'll set the scene.
East Texas. A warm summer night. A woman, Mary, stands
on a porch. In the distance, we hear a lonesome
train whistle. Woo-woo. The droning buzz of cicadas. Zzzzzzzzz. A
coyote howls at the moon, frightening sensitive young boys everywhere.
Aw-aw-aw! Out in the woods, an owl screeches.
Hoo!
Sheldonly! Sheldonly, how many times have I told you not
to leave your sciencey stuff out on the porch? Goodness,
I'll never understand that boy. But then again, I'm a
religious nut, and my mind is closed to so many
things.
Glory be to Heaven, some sort of creature just manifested
out of thin air. George, put down that Pepsi can
full of bourbon that ain't foolin' no one, and get
your shotgun!
I'm sorry. I just don't buy it.
Oh, my, your sudden appearance startles me.
I understand. Oh, Sheldonly? A man's here to take you
away to the future! Be sure to pack clean underwear.”
Why?
Yes, but he's going to a better place where he
won't get beat up. So much.
I'm sorry. I just love that line. Even the way
you do it.
Oh, Sheldonly? A man's here to take you away to
the future. Be sure to pack clean underwear.
Mommy, why are you crying? ‘Cause I'm gonna miss you,
Sheldonly-bean, even though you creep the bejeezus out of me.
Well I'm sorry. It's not my fault. I'm just incredibly
smart, and everyone around here is dumber than a bag
of rocks. Oh, now, don't you start crying. You get
in that spaceship. Mommy's late for Indian bingo.
Mommy, I love you. Don't let Spock take me to
the future!
Well-groomed vampires meet in pairs and shave each other. Case
closed.
Perhaps he's emulating Shakespeare's Henry V, who dressed as a
commoner and mingled among them, to find out how he
was being perceived by his subjects. Course, if he'd have
read any of the thirteen hundred e-mails I've sent him
on the subject of his administration, he could have saved
himself the trouble.
That depends, how much longer do you plan on fondling
my shoulder?
It's not a touch phobia, it's a germ phobia. If
you'd like to go put on a pair of latex
gloves, I'll let you check me for a hernia.
Hold on. Just because the nice man is offering you
candy, doesn't mean you should jump into his windowless van.
What's the occasion?
Aha! The tear-stained air mattress in the back of the
van.
I don't care, it's demeaning. And I refuse to be
trotted out and shown off like a prize hog at
the Texas State Fair. Which, by the way, is something
you don't want to attend wearing a Star Trek ensign's
uniform.
Ugh!
Sheldon is not going.
Tell him Dr. Cooper feels that the best use of
his time is to employ his rare and precious mental
faculties to tear the mask off nature and stare at
the face of God.
Don't tell him that, tell him the mask thing.
And so, instead of bowing to pressure, and going to
that pointless soiree, I stayed right here and did a
load of whites.
Unlikely. But make your case. Keeping in mind that your
critical attitude is ruining our Saturday night together, and I'm
not above minimizing your window.
That's it. Prepare to be minimized.
Your lab is funded by some Middle-Eastern dilettante?
Well, that explains those puzzling camel race photos on your
Facebook page.
Are you trying to scare me? ‘Cause you're succeeding.
Oh, dear,not, not the dirt people!
No!
Oh, the humanities!
No, no, no, I'm just here for your money. I
don't want to shake anyone's germy hands. Explain it to
them, Siebert.
I must confess I don't understand you, President Siebert. First
you say you want me to appear at your fund-raisers,
but now you say you never want me to go
anywhere near your fund-raisers. Forgive me, but that sounds like
a mixed message. Here we go again. If there's simply
no talking to me, why did you call? I'm sorry,
someone's on the other line. Why don't you see if
you can organize your thoughts, and we'll try again later.
Cooper-Hofstadter residence. Go for Cooper. Good morning, Mrs. Latham. Well,
yes, of course I remember you. A woman well past
her prime seeking to augment her social status by doling
out her late husband's ill-gotten gains. So, how much money
are you going to give me? I'm not crazy, my
mother had me tested. Well, if you're not going to
give me money, then why are you calling? She wants
to talk to you. Who's crazy now?
An entire dinner to talk about your research? Where you
going, the drive-thru at Jack in the Box?
Okay, I see what's happening.
My stature intimidates her, so she's using you to get
to me. Crafty old gal.
No, that can't be it. And since you seem to
have forgotten, the reason we live together is we're best
friends. And I got your back, Jack.
I'm sorry, so, eventually, zombies are going to attack the
rehab facility where Sandra Bullock is?
You know, it's a shame, all that work she's doing
to get sober, only to be torn apart and eaten
alive.
No. But we have potatoes, I could make you vodka.
It'll take two weeks.
Oh, wow!
Why?
Excellent! What are you planning to wear?
Penny, you're an expert on trading sexual favours for material
gain, walk him through this.
But we need a cryogenic centrifugal pump.
Well, come now, Leonard, this may be your only chance
to make a real contribution to science!
It was a compliment. I believe in giving credit where
credit is due.
Okay, fine. I'll tell him. Leonard, Mrs. Latham's car is
here for you.
Hold on, I have something for you.
Just a few things you may need tonight. There's, uh,
baby oil, condoms and, uh, a little something I procured
from the school of pharmacology. They say it is to
Viagra as Viagra is to a green M&M.
Maybe this will overcome your reluctance. I went on the
Internet and found a photograph of a 25-year-old Mrs. Latham
to get your libido humming. Check out those saddle shoes.
Rar!
Oh, come on! Why not?
Given how much time you spend engaging in pointless self-abuse,
you might consider, just this once, using your genitalia to
actually accomplish something!
No. But thank you for asking.
What's going on?
Are you just getting home?
That's a good sign, right?
I'm so proud of you! You sold yourself out like
a common streetwalker!
She stiffed you?
What?
Smart. Get paid up front. Yeah, I think you have
a real knack for gigolo work, Leonard.
That's a good idea, get your rest. There are a
lot more rich old ladies out there, and Daddy needs
a new linear accelerator. And I thought he didn't learn
anything from his relationship with you.
Another compliment! Learn to recognize them.
What's going on?
Did you offer him a hot beverage?
Leonard, social protocol states when a friend is upset, you
offer them a hot beverage, such as tea.
You heard the man, Leonard. And while you're at it,
I'm upset that we have an unannounced houseguest, so make
me cocoa. Point of inquiry, given that Leonard is your
secondary friend and Koothrappali is your primary friend, why didn't
you seek refuge under his roof?
Cocoa, Leonard. Focus. I'm down in the dumps here.
Don't worry. As your tertiary friend, I am prepared to
step in and comfort you.
No, no. I'll finish making the tea, while you narcissistically
ramble on about whatever's troubling you.
That's what tertiary friends are for.
Would you be sleeping over again this evening? Because you're
welcome to.
Well, just keep in mind that should you ever need
a slightly apathetic tertiary friend, I stand at the ready.
Hello.
Actually, he can. The Hindu Code of Manu is very
clear in these matters. If a woman's father is not
around, the duty of controlling her base desires falls to
the closest male member of her family, in this case,
Raj. The code also states that if she disobeys, she
will be reborn in the womb of a jackal and
tormented by diseases. If true, that seems like an awfully
large gamble given that the prize is Leonard.
Priya, if you're experiencing any tension or awkwardness, it may
stem from the fact that Leonard and Penny used to,
if I may quote Howard, do the dance with no
pants.
That's remarkable. If pepperoni were an explosive substance, you could
replace German shepherds at our nation's airports.
No, no. It's not an imposition. At this point, in
our ecosystem, you are akin to the plover, a small
scavenging bird that eats extra food from between the teeth
of crocodiles. Please, fly into our open maw, and have
at it.
Did you get the part?
Given the state of your career, can you really afford
to be picky?
It's actually Thai. You're slipping.
They went to Catalina for the weekend.
At home, forbidding it.
I'm given to understand his mother grounded him for running
away.
Actually, it's the three of us.
Right. I'll make tea.
I'm sorry. It's not optional.
Buona sera, Luigi's Pizza. Buona sera. It means good evening
in Italian. May I say, having to explain that to
you calls into question the authenticity of your ristorante?
Un momento. Oh, for heaven's sake, now you're being deliberately
stupid. Where are you going?
But tonight's Thursday. On Thursdays, everybody comes over here and
has pizza. Or a reasonable facsimile prepared by someone claiming
to be Luigi, but who sounds suspiciously like Jackie Chan.
We could. We could also stop using the letter M,
but I think that idea is isguided and oronic.
Well, I don't want to go to a party.
I'm sorry, but five people eating and chatting is a
party.
Because we don't throw parties.
Well, no, sir, and do you know why? In a
word, tradition. Every Thursday night for the last eight years,
you and I and our friends have gathered here in
this very spot to break bread covered with cheese and
sauce, discuss the issues of the day, and yes, share
a laugh or two. But I guess our rich heritage
means nothing to you.
Wait! Leonard! Wait! What am I going to do for
dinner?
I can't do that. What if he serves haggis and
blood pudding?
But what if he does? I'll be obliged to dine
on liver and lungs stuffed in a sheep's stomach. And
frankly, blood pudding is essentially the same thing. I don't
know why he's serving both.
No, I'll go to your haggis party. But I'm telling
you, this is adness. This is utter and coplete adness.
Oh, dear!
Raj's television. I just realized we're about to spend an
evening watching a plasma screen with a cluster of dead
pixels in the upper left-hand corner.
And be a social pariah? Oh, you know that's not
my style.
The audible sigh is a show of exasperation, right?
Is it about me or the dead pixels?
Oh, Indians making Tex-Mex. Might as well have had the
Chinese pizza.
Excuse me. Before this evening goes any further, we need
to decide where everyone is going to sit.
Oh, what fun. We're like hippies at a love-in.
Yeah, right on, man. Right on. Oh, look, it's Harry
Potter and 98% of The Sorcerer's Stone.
Wonderful. Dinner, some assembly required.
A margarita? Where are we? What is happening?
Water. Neat. With a little umbrella.
Sadly, Penny, this evening, I am the Dark Knight, roaming
these mean streets alone. A windbreaker for my cape, and
a stern expression for my cowl.
Excuse me? Isn't this the point where the world-weary barkeep
absentmindedly wipes down the bar and coaxes the woes out
of the troubled patron?
I don't think your heart's in it, but since you
asked. Apparently, because Leonard is dating Raj's sister, we're all
forced to hang out at his apartment.
Indeed. Yeah, at one point, Raj put on reggae music,
and his sister took off her shoes. It was like
the last days of Caligula. Oh, I have to get
this. Umbrella?
Wonder what she's exasperated about. Hello?
Yes, I was in a taxi, but the driver didn't
look at all like the photograph on his license, so
I leapt out and ran for it.
Don't worry. My problems can wait while you two hens
finish your clucking.
Cluck-cluck-cluck.
Leonard the nucleus? That makes no sense. I'm the whimsical
elf that everyone looks to for a good time.
I'm setting out snacks.
I didn't say the snacks were for you now, did
I, Nosy Rosie?
Yes. Must be killing you wondering who. Fine, I'll tell
you. Stuart from the comic bookstore, Barry Kripke from the
university, Penny's ex-boyfriend Zack and TV's LeVar Burton.
Possibly. I Tweeted him.
Please, Leonard, stop trying to horn in on my new
friends.
Leonard.
We had a good run, you and I.
But change is a part of life.
Okay. I have guests coming. I'm afraid I'm going to
have to ask you to leave now.
Don't make this harder than it is, Leonard.
And good-bye to you, sir. He'll be back.
Well, it would appear LeVar Burton won't be joining us
so let's get started. Um, I thought we'd begin by
going around the room, introducing ourselves and saying a little
bit about why we're here. Okay. I'm Sheldon. Uh, for
regular readers of The New England Journal of High Energy
Physics, I need no introduction. If you're not familiar with
that publication, there's a free copy in your goody bag.
Stuart?
That's very nice, Stuart. Zack?
Of course. Barry?
Patience, patience, Barry. The whaffle… the raffle is the grand
finale to an evening-long festival of fun and folly.
Yes, you must be present to win.
Question. Was it a Jacuzzi or a hot tub?
Jacuzzi is a commercial brand. Hot tub is the generic
term, i.e., all Jacuzzis are hot tubs, but not all
hot tubs are Jacuzzis.
Surprisingly, yes.
The water level rose.
Of course it did. It's said that Archimedes, the ancient
Greek mathematician, discovered the principle of displacement while taking a
bath.
Forgive me, but I think you'll find my story is
more interesting.
Better. It has a gold crown. You see, the king
wondered how much gold was in it and charged Archimedes
with coming up with the solution. Because the crown was
irregularly shaped, there was no way to mathematically determine its
volume. But, while bathing, Archimedes realized he could immerse the
crown and measure the amount the water rose.
When he finished, he shouted Eureka!
All right, that concludes the getting to know you portion
of the evening. Who's ready to play some vintage video
games? And tonight's selections include ColecoVision's Smurf Rescue in Gargamel's
Castle, Atari's Cookie Monster Munch, and for you text adventure
aficionados, Zork. Pick me, pick me. I'm fun.
I'm unhappy.
No.
All my friends. All my friends. All my friends.
Thank you.
I had to leave. They were having fun wrong.
Thank you.
Are there beans in it?
Then it's not chili. Real chili has no beans in
it, but you're from a foreign land, so your ignorance
is forgiven.
Yes, please. Your girlfriend's a little short-tempered.
Cheers.
Priya, do you know why this is called a toast?
She's also a bit of a know-it-all. Mmm. This is
good. Whatever it is.
Howard, if I may interject here with a piece of
friendly advice. Is working on magic tricks really how you
want to spend your time? Granted, you're just an engineer,
but that doesn't mean you might not someday build a
geegaw or a thingamabob that may get you a thank
you in someone else's Nobel prize acceptance speech.
Is it any wonder he doesn't have a doctorate?
It's not cool. It's a childish trick designed to confuse
and intrigue simpletons. How'd you do it?
Fine. Give me a second.
It's not amazing. All magic tricks are merely a combination
of manipulation and misdirection with the occasional dwarf in a
box wiggling his feet.
Well, I don't care how you did it. I have
more important things to think about. Clearly, the cards are
marked.
I do. You just happen to have caught me on
a break. Oh, let me see those cards.
Not knowing is part of the fun. Was that the
motto of your community college?
This deck is rigged in some fashion.
So you're saying this is a regulation deck?
Um…
Oh, oh, please, if I don't know, you don't know.
That's axiomatic.
Leonard? Leonard? Leonard?
I think I figured out Wolowitz's magic trick, and I
need you to pick a card.
As you wish. Pick a card, put it back, and
prepare to be amazed. Did you pick one?
Is this your card?
Drat. Is this your card?
I'll be right back.
Pick a card, Sheldon. Now look at it, and put
it back in the deck. Now do you remember your
card? Of course I do, I have an eidetic memory.
My apologies. Now shuffle the cards. Shuffling. Wait here. Processing
image, cross-referencing.
I'm reverse engineering Wolowitz's magic trick.
I'm measuring residual heat levels on the playing cards to
determine which one's been touched. By the way, if you
hope to have children, I suggest you switch from briefs
to boxers. Your testicles look a tad warm.
Yes. I'm using their Cray Supercomputer to analyze shuffling patterns.
Relax, we're not under attack right now.
And is this my card? Rats! I wonder if Howard
used a radioactive tracer. Where am I going to find
Uranium-235 this time of night? Come on, Craigslist.
Oh, I've been meaning to tell you, I figured out
your magic trick.
Oh, yes. In fact, I improved upon it.
All right. Pick a card.
Bippity-boppity-boo.
The wand is called showmanship, and the beep is none
of your business. Oh! Excuse me, I'm getting a text
message completely unrelated to this magic trick. Oh, look, my
dry cleaning's ready. And your card was the five of
spades. Ta-da.
I said, ta-da. Show's over.
That does it. I'm getting uranium.
Hello.
Apparently, you can't hack into a government supercomputer and then
try to buy uranium without the Department of Homeland Security
tattling to your mother.
Figure out the magic trick yet?
No.
Hang on. This time do it with me, so I
can make sure there's no monkey business.
I hate you.
Why hast thou forsaken me, O deity whose existence I
doubt?
They stole everything, Leonard, everything.
What didn't they get? They got my enchanted weapons, my
vicious gladiator armour, my wand of untainted power, and all
my gold.
What choice did I have? The mighty Sheldondor, level 85
blood elf, hero of the Eastern kingdoms, has been picked
clean, like a carcass in the desert sun. Plus, the
FBI hung up on me.
They took my battle ostrich.
Yes, Glenn! The only bird I ever loved.
Wait a minute! You're not going to do anything?
Doctor Cooper.
That's from Avatar, World of Warcraft takes place in Azeroth.
Goodness gracious, how are you allowed to carry a gun?
Can you at least refer me to a rogue ex-cop?
You know, one who was drummed off the force because
he refused to play by the rules, and now he
hires himself out to impose his own brand of rough
justice?
It's all gone. All gone.
What kind of world do we live in, where a
man would take another man's battle ostrich?
This act of aggression must be met with swift and
cruel ferocity. It is time to cry havoc, and let
slip the dogs of war.
See if Raj is done with Pilates.
Three thousand hours. Three thousand hours clicking on that mouse,
collecting weapons and gold. It's almost as if it was
a huge waste of time.
Oh! There isn't enough camomile tea in the world to
quell the rage in my heart.
Can we trust him?
No. Glenn's was leather. He was a simple ostrich. Is!
Is, I haven't given up hope.
That game? Excuse me, Penny, but Doodle Jump is a
game. Angry Birds is a game. World of Warcraft is
a massively multi-player online role-playing… all right, technically it's a
game.
Stale pastry is hollow succour to a man who is
bereft of ostrich.
I thought I just did.
Be ruthless. You tell him if he doesn't start talking,
we'll register a complaint with his Internet service provider.
I don't care! I'm losin' it, man!
And people think I don't get sarcasm.
What?
I've never said these words before, but good job, Howard!
The name and the address drip with evil.
Excellent! It's in a cul-de-sac. We can box him in.
Carlsbad is only a couple of hours away.
I don't know if you've been following the news, Leonard,
but there have been some terrific advancements in the field
of torture.
Fine, we'll abide by the Geneva Convention. But ask yourself
this, in the course of our lives, how much lunch
money has been taken from us? How many kites? How
many Scooby-Doo Trapper Keepers?
Of course you did. It was a fun and practical
way of organizing your school work. But the bullies took
it from us. Well, no more. Tonight, we take back
our dignity, our birthright and our pride. What do you
say? Who's with me?
Sure.
Fine. Leonard?
One moment. I'm hell-bent on catching a cyber criminal, not
the common cold.
I'm sorry, I thought this delay was so you could
watch Wheel of Fortune with your mother.
That's uncanny.
Sea World is better. It has Shamu, who is literally
tons of fun. But for the moment, let's stay focused
on Todd Zarnecki.
I almost feel sorry for the poor fool, sitting in
his split-level suburban ranch, unaware that a vengeful horde is
barrelling down the San Diego Freeway at 71 miles an
hour. Ease up there, lead foot. You trying to get
us killed?
This says Beyonce Bootylicious Dance Mix.
We are winged fury! Which is still no excuse for
going over the posted speed limit.
I always prefer the train.
Coming.
No weapon strikes more fear into a man's heart than
a Klingon bat'leth.
So my blade shall not taste blood tonight?
Well, now I just feel silly holding it.
Can I at least kick down the door?
Your doom!
Good point. Basket of puppies.
Are you Todd Zarnecki?
I am Sheldondor of Azeroth. I want my things back.
Careful. That's a collectible.
Well, he's even more cunning than we thought.
You know, the joke's on him. Without the certificate of
authenticity, that bat'leth is worthless.
Of course.
No.
It'd be swell if they had a train.
Thank you, Penny.
No. We failed in our noble quest.
Todd Zarnecki was mean.
We did it! I said, we.
Hysterical.
Agreed. Wait till you hear how he dumbs down Werner
Heisenberg for the crowd. You may actually believe you're in
a comedy club.
Ba-dum-bump.
Really, Amy? Gossip? I'm disappointed in you.
Forgive my language, but poppycock.
Fine. In the parlance of the urban music scene, what's
the 4-1-1?
I believe our nation's tuna cans are safe. Excuse me.
Dr. Greene, question?
You've dedicated your life's work to educating the general populace
about complex scientific ideas.
Have you ever considered trying to do something useful? Perhaps,
reading to the elderly?
Yeah, but not your books. Something they might enjoy. I
kid, of course. Big fan.
Thank you. My father taught me archery as a child.
It's odd how the activity brings back the smell of
Kmart bourbon.
I know. What an elf I would have made. Whoo,
what do you think you're doing?
With what?
Really? I didn't see you draw one from your quiver.
Leonard, the people at Nintendo can only go so far
in helping us recreate an actual athletic experience. We have
to do our part, too. That was uncalled for, but
I'll play along. Ow! I had an unusual experience with
Amy last night.
She was attempting to engage me in gossip.
Yes. I think prolonged exposure to Penny has turned her
into a bit of a Gabby Gertie.
Oh, please, I was just pointing it out. I have
no desire to engage in the activity.
All right, get this. Bernadette is thinking about breaking up
with Howard.
Mm, it's hard to say. I can only speculate based
on the data I collected watching my parents' marriage implode.
In that case, the woman dives into religion, while the
man dives into a bottle-blonde bartender who tries to buy
my love with action figures. Oop! Out of arrows.
I've been thinking about Dr. Greene's efforts to make science
palatable for the masses.
That's all. I've just been thinking about it. Now, I'm
thinking about fractal equations. Now I'm thinking about the origin
of the phrase train of thought. Now I'm thinking about
trains.
Now I'm thinking about Jell-O.
Why are you smiling?
Oh, I'm back to trains. Woo-woo.
No.
Have you learned anything?
If you don't mind, I'd like to stop listening to
you and start talking.
Howard has announced his intention to propose marriage to Bernadette.
I know. The group consensus is that his proposal will
be met with an humiliating, soul-crushing rejection. Everyone was set
a-twitter. Although oddly, no one tweeted.
I'm familiar with everything, but go on.
I'm no stranger to memetic epidemiology. At Johnson Elementary School,
the phrase Sheldonly Cooper's a smelly pooper spread like wildfire.
Your meme hypothesis does intrigue me. How might we examine
this more closely?
It's one of the few forms of interaction with people
that I don't find repellent.
And a second non-tantalizing piece to use as a control.
Look at you, getting me to engage in the social
sciences. You're a vixen, Amy Farrah Fowler.
Hey.
Interesting. A friendly sentiment in this country, cruel taunt in
the Sudan. It's a lesson in context.
Yes, I believe so.
Yes. Why do you ask?
Did he mean as if she'd been out in the
sun, tending an herb garden without wearing a hat or
sunblock?
Well, we may never know. As my mother would say,
the Asians are an inscrutable folk. Now, if you'll excuse
me, I have work to do.
Did you get that?
This is moving faster than we thought.
I must say, Amy, pretending to have intercourse with you
is giving me a great deal of satisfaction.
Pun intended?
This is remarkable. Took less than 24 hours.
Interesting. So it went beyond the mere fact of coitus
to a blow by blow, as it were.
I'm sorry. What pun?
I wish you hadn't done that. That's going to make
me a chick magnet, and I'm so busy as it
is.
Perhaps your talk of my sexual prowess renewed her faith
in love.
Leonard, are you in the shower?
I asked if you were in the shower, but that's
moot now.
Moot. Rendered unimportant by recent events.
I have to skip the chitchat. Emergency.
Mathematical. 32-ounce banana smoothie, 16-ounce bladder.
I assure you I do.
What?
What are you doing in there? She can't be in
here.
According to the roommate agreement, paragraph nine, subsection B, the
right to bathroom privacy is suspended in the event of
force majeure. And believe me, I am experiencing a very
majeure force.
Come on, you can't wait two minutes?
Penny? Penny? Penny?
Move. Move. Move!
Dr. Leonard Hofstadter, you are officially charged with two violations
of the roommate agreement. Do you waive reading of the
charges?
Very well. Count the first, on or about the 28
th day of April, the accused did knowingly and with
malice aforethought deny access to the shared bathroom in a
time of emergency, to wit, my back teeth were floating.
Count the second, the accused exceeded the agreed upon occupancy
of the shower, to wit, one, unless we are under
attack by water-soluble aliens.
Um, it's fairly technical.
Do so, do so.
Oh, that's ridiculous. A bathroom emergency is self-explanatory.
Irrelevant. Leonard doesn't trim his nose hair. He thinks because
he's short nobody can see up there.
But…
This isn't over.
What is that you're eating? Tonight is pizza night.
Yes, and when Franconi's went out of business, we switched
to Graziano's.
No.
This is Greek food? Leonard, you hate Greek food.
Fine. I'm nothing if not adaptable.
Thank you. If you think about it, Greek food isn't
that far from italian food. They share a spice palette.
And what a civilization is the Greeks. They gave us
science, democracy, and little cubes of charred meat that taste
like sweat.
Penny? Penny? Penny?
The mean Indian lady tried to make me eat lamb.
Congratulations. Pizza night will now be at your apartment. Order
one.
A girls night? Oh, I don't know if I'm up
for an evening talking about rainbows, unicorns and menstrual cramps.
Shotgun.
Really, Amy? Tobacco and alcohol? Need I remind you not
a lot of scientific discoveries were made by people having
a good time?
It's talc. But as that's a primary ingredient of baby
powder, I understand your confusion.
I don't know how to process that.
Other than my mother, my sister and my mee-maw, no.
But in the interest of full disclosure, I was once
on a bus and had to give mouth-to-mouth resuscitation to
an elderly nun who passed out from heat exhaustion. Every
year I get a Christmas card from her, signed with
far too many X's and O's.
Thank you. Not necessary. We know everything there is to
know about kissing. It requires 34 facial muscles and 112
postural muscles.
I'm certainly glad no one said they were curious about
Aztec human sacrifice.
No, thank you, but for the record, I'm an excellent
dancer. Proficient in the rumba, waltz and cha-cha.
I don't see why that's surprising. I excel at so
many things. You've had my sourdough bread.
Against my will. In the South, pre-adolescent children are forced
through a process called cotillion, which indoctrinates them with all
the social graces and dance skills needed to function in
18 th century Vienna.
No, you most certainly are not.
I saved a nun's life. Why am I being punished?
Waltz. It's a social dance from Austria, choreographed to a
three-four time signature.
What happened to you?
What's 16 times 14?
And there's your answer.
If you're referring to the beverage, you know I don't
drink. If you're referring to the hat you don while
wearing a nightshirt and holding a candle, I have one.
It's hard to say no to yoo-hoo. The name literally
beckons.
Thank you. Is someone smoking?
You own a smoking monkey?
What's he doing here?
Remarkable. Aren't you worried about secondhand smoke?
is he deliberately blowing smoke at me?
Thank you. May I share something with you that's troubling
me?
Priya has essentially nullified my roommate agreement with Leonard, making
life in the apartment very uncomfortable for me.
No, of course not.
I understand the alcohol has stirred up whatever it is
that makes girls go wild, but I really need to
talk to smart Amy now.
No.
Well, when challenged, monkeys generally assert their dominance through chasing,
assault and a stylized penile display. That's a little outside
my comfort zone.
Are you suggesting I play dirty?
Fascinating.
Who's to say you shouldn't be dissecting our brains? You
really are an ass.
Oh, good, you're up. I've written a new and improved
roommate agreement that benefits me greatly. I'd like you to
sign it.
Excellent question. Do you remember what happened to the alien,
played by talented character actor Frank Gorshin, in the Star
Trek episode Let That Be Your Last Battlefield?
Affirmative. Computer, this is Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Activate self-destruct sequence.
Code 1-1-A-2-B.
That was my first thought, but all my cool stuff
is here.
Unless Leonard signs the new agreement in the next 41
seconds, this computer will send an e-mail to your parents
in India saying that you're in a secret relationship with
the whiter-than-marshmallow-fluff Leonard Hofstadter.
20 seconds.
He does that all the time, doesn't he? 15.
I never bluff. Ten.
Nine.
Eight.
It's a laptop with a full charge. Honestly, what do
you see in him?
Three.
Two.
You may have gone to Cambridge, but I'm an honorary
graduate of Starfleet academy.
Good morning, Amy.
Are you experiencing dehydration, headache, nausea and shame?
Ah, memory impairment, the free prize at the bottom of
every vodka bottle.
All right. Last night you gave me some excellent advice
regarding my problem here at home, you kissed me and
then vomited on and off for 40 minutes, following which
you passed out on your bathroom floor. I then folded
a towel under your head as a pillow, set your
oven clock to the correct time because it was driving
me crazy, and I left.
I suggest we treat our relationship as if it were
a crashed computer and restore it to the last point
we both agree it worked.
You're preaching to the choir, sister.
Good news. I finally have a handle on my idea
for three-person chess.
Uh, do you know how I solved the balanced centre
combat-area problem? Five words, transitional quadrilateral to triangular tessellation.
It's what I do. But wait, there's more. I also
invented two new chess pieces. The serpent, and the old
woman.
When the serpent slithers to an opposing player's piece, that
piece is considered poisoned and will die after two more
moves. Ugh.
Unless, it gets to the old woman in time, in
which case she sucks out the poison, turning her into
the Grand Empress, a piece combining the power of the
knight, queen and serpent.
That's because it's simple.
And…
And a third person. It's three-person chess. I must say,
ever since you started having regular intercourse, your mind has
lost its keen edge. You should reflect on that.
Yes, and he never unified gravity with the other forces.
If he hadn't been such a hound dog, we'd all
have time machines.
You know I'm right.
Knight to old woman six-and-a-third. Brilliant move. Thank you. Will
the two of you excuse me?
Sorry, I have company.
I don't want to hug you.
Blue, as in depressed.
I don't know what colour lonely is.
Red is angry, yellow is frightened, green is jealous and
blue is depressed. Perhaps we can assign a colour to
lonely.
All right. Come in. You look positively orange with loneliness.
No, I don't see that catching on at all.
I'm working on my three-person chess game.
It's three-person chess. Did you bring a friend?
Then as a mental exercise I invite you to figure
out why the two of us can't play three-person chess.
Can you believe this guy? Social protocol does, however, require
me to bring you a hot beverage in your time
of need.
It's not optional. We're out of tea. I hope you
like bouillon.
Actually, I was wondering if I could add a third
new chess piece. How do you think people would feel
about Prince Joey, the king's feeble-minded but well-meaning cousin?
The fun thing about Prince Joey is every time he
moves, there's a one-in-five chance he'll kill himself.
Yellow. Go ahead.
Fascinating. What's in it?
I like cows.
It was its own point. Go on.
Rajesh, I've had the privilege of working alongside you for
many years. My recommendation is that you gobble these up
like Tic Tacs.
I'm glad you think so. That's what I strive to
emulate.
Oh, there's no need to interact with me. I'm just
here to observe.
All right.
I'd like to buy a scone.
They sound delicious, but this money is earmarked for scones.
They were out of scones.
My catapult flings my bishop to Howard's Queen's Gorilla two.
When it's done charging. Or you land on the time
machine. Obviously.
I knew I should have given my Pope the jet
pack.
What?
Dear Lord! Have you been drinking it?
Well, that's it then. I'm dead.
I'm sorry, do I really need to connect the dots
for you? The backwash into this glass is every pathogen
that calls your mouth home, sweet home. Not to mention
the visitors who arrive on the dancing tongue of your
subtropical girlfriend.
Yes, I'd like a seven-day course of penicillin, some, uh,
syrup of ipecac, to induce vomiting, and a mint.
He drank from Leonard's glass. Words they'll be carving into
my tombstone.
Oh, this is a nightmare!
To the bar, to sterilize my mouth with alcohol. Gang
way! Dead man walking!
I gargled with tequila and may have swallowed a teeny
bit.
Fine. Thank you for asking. I love you so much.
Fire demon.
Could you please play the game without commenting on every
card?
Last one.
Oh, dear Lord!
Where's the mouthwash?
Hello.
Oh, other than waiting out the exponential growth period of
the virulent organisms trooping through my microvilli into my circulatory
system, hunky-dory. Did I say something amusing?
So your mirth is merely a discharge of nervous energy
with no semantic content at all?
Is there a station coming up where I can board
your giggling train of thought?
Jibber-jabber? I don't jibber-jabber.
Oh, I'm working on time-dependent backgrounds in string theory, specifically
quantum field theory in D-dimensional de Sitter space.
Interesting, do you know where the phrase jibber-jabber comes from?
To a hospital? Full of sick people? Oh, I don't
think so.
I can't.
Not all germs. Just the ones that will kill me.
It's the same way I'm not afraid of all steak
knives, just the ones that might be plunged in my
thorax.
I would think he would know that.
Fine, I'll go. Just for the record, my Aunt Ruth
died in a hospital. She went in to visit my
Uncle Roger, caught something and bit the dust a week
later. The two of them now share a coffee can
on my mother's mantel.
A heart-attack-like event is an event that's like a heart
attack.
Regardless, coronary problems are eminently treatable. What's more likely going
to kill Howard's mother are the antibiotic-resistant super-bugs festering in
every nook and cranny of this hospital.
Disagree.
I'll sit over there, it looks cleaner.
I'll give you $1,000 if you'll drive me home.
Howard, I have to go to the bathroom and no
one will take me home.
Pneumococcus, streptococcus, staphylococcus and other assorted coccuses.
Will you at least go with me to the restroom
here, so you can open the door and flush the
urinal?
This might be a good time to point out, Howard,
that friendship requires a certain give and take. Hold the
door!
Finally. Oh, what fresh hell is this?
No, I haven't. It's all good.
Help me! Come back! Penny!
Mountain Elf.
Must you?
Zandor, Wizard of the North. Ha! I win.
Not quite accurate. The Macy's balloons are filled with helium,
whereas Leonard produces copious amounts of methane.
It wouldn'help. The human body is capable of being flatulent
for hours after death.
Bernadette, before you change the subject, does anyone have any
final comments on Leonard's faulty digestive system?
Oh, congratulations.
Unless he takes Bernadette's last name. And considering her advanced
status, that could open some doors for him.
I must say, Amy, I was very impressed to see
that Bernadette got her PhD.
Your doctorate is in neurobiology. I fail to see the
distinction.
It's a little stiff. What a remarkably fragile structure to
support such a valuable payload. Not unlike balancing a Faberge
egg on a Pixie Stick.
I'd like to respond to that sarcastically. Yes, I relish
the thought of a stranger covering my body with oil
and rubbing it.
Still sounds like a lot of unnecessary touching.
All right.
Rotating.
You mean the myofascial point?
Oh, dear Lord, yes, yes, oh, yes! Amy, I've never
been touched like this before! Oh! Oh, my hands are
magic!
There's someone at my door.
Why?
I can see how that would be upsetting. Come in.
I'll get the sheets and blankets for the couch.
No, I can't authorize that.
The Hammurabic Code is an eye for an eye, not
a bed for a bed.
All right. This is a form indemnifying me from your
use of Leonard's bedroom. Sign here, indicating that I tried
to stop you and did so using a stern facial
expression.
Wait. Not yet. We still have to go over safety
procedures. Now, the apartment has three emergency exits located here,
here, and here. In the event of a power outage,
luminous paint will guide you to the nearest exit.
I never kid about safety.
Good news, Raj. I got the blood work back from
the lab. You're okay to stay for a while.
Not important. Your sugar was a little high. I'd follow
up with your regular physician. In the meantime, I have
some paperwork here for you to go over.
Boilerplate stuff. A modified roommate agreement for a temporary house
guest. And a living will and durable power of attorney.
As your friend, let's hope it doesn't come to that.
Please sign.
Congratulations and welcome temporarily aboard. Here's your I.D. Card, your
key and your lapel pin. Which Leonard was too cool
to wear. FYI, part of your responsibilities as roommate pro
tem will be to drive me to and from work,
the comic book store, the barbershop and the park for
one hour every other Sunday for fresh air.
Also, you're tasked with bringing home all takeout dinners. Tonight
is Thai food. You'll find the standard order in appendix
B or downloadable from my FTP server. If you have
any questions, here's the FAQ sheet, or if you prefer
the human touch, I do a live web chat called
Apartment Talk on Tuesday nights.
What is this?
Remarkable. I'm just realizing how much Leonard's been skating by
all these years.
Yes, it's “Penny, get your own Wi-Fi.” No spaces.
My new roommate is bending over backwards to ingratiate himself
to me. Uh, nice touch, by the way.
The same thing that happened to Homo Erectus. He was
replaced by a superior species.
You're living here provisionally. But I must say it's looking
good.
No. Origami napkin swans, that's the headline.
Here's an interesting fact about alcohol.
Man is not the only species that ferments fruit in
order to become intoxicated. Can you guess what the other
is? Hint, sometimes they pack the alcohol in their trunks.
When does a monkey have a trunk?
Mmm, all right. It would appear as if alcohol is
playing keep-away with your intelligence. Good night. Please note, it
is now past ten p.m. Per our roommate agreement, kindly
refrain from raucous laughter, clinking of glasses, and celebratory gunfire.
Would you booze hounds please stop that infernal clinking? And
the answer was elephant!
What are you doing here?
I said, what are you doing here?
I have paperwork that says differently.
Irrelevant. Rajesh and I have a good thing going and
you're not going to ruin it. What are you doing
here?
Why?
Leonard, do you understand this?
Talk to him.
What does it look like?
