Oh, hey, guys. What are you doing here?
Oh, yeah, I was going to, and then Debbie and
I got to talking over dinner the other night. I
didn’t have any place to go, she likes having me
around, so we both said, why leave? at the same
time. It was precious.
Be right there, Deb Deb. They’re probably on her head.
Well, maybe if you called your mother more often, you’d
know.
This is Debbie.
Just kidding.
Leave a message.
I, uh, kind of got the feeling you might not
be okay with me staying at your mom’s.
Hey, you’re not my father, okay? And besides, your mother
and I were talking…
I didn’t say I was your father.
I, I’m sorry you don’t like my life choices, but
it’s my life.
Oh, oh, okay, Dad, if I mow the lawn, can
I have my allowance?
I don’t have to listen to you.
You know what? This isn’t getting us anywhere. When you’re
ready to apologize, you know where to find me.
That’s right, sucka.
So, what brings you by?
Technically, it’s your mom’s house, but we certainly want you
to feel welcome.
Mm, just try and call first.
Oh. I appreciate the offer, but actually your mother already
gave me the money.
Yeah. I told her it was too much, but she
said she was happy to help out her bubala.
I don’t know who he’s talking to. She’s at Target,
buying me shirts.
Hello.
I’m not bringing your mother, I have a date.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What are you talking about?
There’s nothing weird going on with me and your mother.
I got to go, bye.
So, I met Jeanie at your Aunt Gladys’. She passed
me the Manischewitz, I took one look at this punim,
and I almost plotzed on the kugel.
And you’re only second cousins, who cares?
Oh, so she’s good enough for Howard, but not for
me?
Oh, sorry. Hang on, sorry. (On phone) Hey, Debbie. I,
yeah, yeah, I’m here with Jeanie. Okay, but we’re just
friends. It’s, yeah. I got to go.
Thanks again for your help.
I keep telling you I didn’t burn it down.
Thanks.
And thank you for putting up with me staying at
your mom’s through all this. I couldn’t have done it
otherwise.
Yeah, she said I could use it. Doesn’t it look
great?
What is your problem? She said it was okay.
Some son, looks like you spent ten minutes on that
clown art.
I think that’s a good idea. Take him out of
my store.
Thank you.
You could have at least warned him about the furniture.
Still can’t believe she’s gone. I mean, that woman took
me in. If it wasn’t for her, I, I would
have been homeless.
Yeah, I don’t recall any offers. But, you know what,
uh, I, I’m glad it worked out the way it
did because I got to know this wonderful person.
Hey. Just so you know, the power’s out.
I called, they said a transformer blew. It’s the whole
block. Should be fixed by tomorrow.
In the middle of the night.
Glad you guys could make it.
Yeah, turns out half a dozen menorahs really sets a
mood.
And there goes the mood.
So I heard you two, uh, wrote a paper together.
How’s that going?
It’s true. At the store, I had to put a
seat on the toilet.
What’d they say?
Yay.
Yay.
Morning.
Clearly, you’ve never seen me try to talk to a
woman.
I put on pants.
Well, it’s carrots, so gonna say very.
Bernadette’s not wrong. She does work hard around here.
I saw her pull you home in a wagon.
Yeah.
It’s a hard-knock life.
It’s the hard-knock life for us, it’s the hard-knock life
for us. ‘Stead of treated, we get tricked, ‘stead of
kisses, we get kicked, it’s the hard-knock life. Got no
folks to speak of so it’s the hard-knock row we
hoe, cotton blankets ‘stead of wool, empty bellies ‘stead of
full, it’s a hard-knock life.
I don’t want to rush you, but I’m closing a
little early tonight.
Uh, no. I overheard Bernadette tell Howard she was making
him a meat loaf, and you don’t have to not
ask me twice.
Sold.
Too late. No returns.
Hey, guys.
Sure. Uh, let me just put this stuff in the
fridge. I felt bad for finishing your yoghurt, so I
bought more. And, Howard, your favourite fruit is in season.
Crunch Berries.
What’s up?
Is everything okay?
I know. I may sell comic books at work, but
the real superheroes are sitting right in front of me.
It’s just my dad, probably calling to wish me a
happy birthday. I’ll call him back. You were saying?
