I know what you're going through. My, my, my last
breakup was pretty tough.
Hey, it's a true story. I don't need the third
degree.
At least you got picked.
You've got so much to offer.
Any man would be lucky to have you.
I'm sure you did. Maybe that's the problem, you always
do the right thing. Maybe it's time to do the
wrong thing.
Exactly.
Really?
Hey.
Nope, couldn't be happier.
Nope.
No I won't.
Hey.
Do you guys know any musicians?
I was thinking it might be cool to have live
music here a few nights a week. You know, give
this place more of a staying in business vibe.
I like all kinds of music, but my favourite genre
is free.
What's that?
I like it. It sounds exactly like something I shouldn't
be expected to pay for.
Me, too. But I, uh, might have Lyme Disease.
Play something we can dance to.
Thanks for coming by.
Well, I know more women are buying comics than ever,
but for some reason, I, I can't get 'em in
here.
Uh, I've, I've been stocking more female-oriented titles. Uh, in
the bathroom, I folded the end of the toilet paper
into a triangle. And, uh, you are now sitting in
the official breastfeeding area.
Oh, don't worry. I, I've got a camera right up
here, so I could watch from the counter and make
sure guys aren't being pervs. Anyway, so what do I
got to do to, to get you in the door?
Well, you don't know the backstory. Maybe she kept jumping
up on the couch.
Hmm, okay. Well, alright, what if I put up a
sign in the window that said women, come in. Don't
be afraid.
Eh, the Internet's so negative. I try to avoid it.
See? Negative.
All right, I'm not saying it's true, but let's, let's
consider for a moment that possibly I'm the problem.
Okay, fine. What, I mean, what can I do? I
get so nervous around women.
Well, that's 'cause I'm doing that trick where you imagine
the audience is naked. By the way, thumbs up, ladies.
It was a joke.
No, I'm still doing it.
I, I guess I assumed at this point in my
life, I would be married or in a relationship, or
even have a pet that didn't run away or kill
itself.
I mean, I can't say for sure, but I swear
that rabbit looked me right in the eye before it
hopped in front of that car. Anyway, the longer I'm
alone, the more desperate I get.
Okay, we're all feeling it. Yes, I'll go out with
you.
What's up?
Oh, yeah, sure. This thing has changed my life.
Two. I probably don't need to mention there's an entire
number between that and zero.
Uh, well, it, it shows me all the single women
in a five-mile radius who are using the app. If
I like the way they look I hit thumbs up,
if I don't, thumbs down.
First time it happens I will let you know.
One of which would've ended in sex had she not
said no. Okay, all set.
A few people?
So, are we allowed to ask how it's going?
Please be less than two.
Damn it.
My, uh, my doctor's worried about my circulation, so I
was thinking about walking around the mall. Why?
Fine, take Wil. See if he brings you clam chowder.
You guys got a minute, or are you still cuddling?
Can I come in?
Thanks, Bernie.
Uh, well, I know the remodel is coming up, so
I thought I'd make it easy on you guys and
find my own place.
Uh, actually, I already found an apartment, so in a
couple of days.
Okay, well, thank you guys for everything. I, I really
appreciate it.
Hmm.
Hmm, I just have never been in this room while
you're awake.
Boy, who would've thought when you asked me to move
in and help take care of your mom, I'd still
be here two years later?
Well, that's it.
This is weird.
It's okay. I know he loves me.
I will. And I really can't thank you guys enough.
Bye.
I really miss this.
Hey. Where's Sheldon? Still sick?
Yeah, I get that. When I brought him his comics
the other day he said, oh great, death is literally
at my door.
Oh, I'm on so many antidepressants, I couldn't if I
wanted to.
Thank you, Sheldon. I appreciate that.
What trip to Las Vegas?
Of course, I wasn't invited.
I told him this was a bad idea.
But I want to stay.
Wait. I'm a pain in the ass, too.
Yeah, but there was kind of a scheduling conflict. He,
uh, wanted to know when he'd get paid. And I
wouldn't tell him.
Sure, uh, but just so you know, he's kind of
a diva.
Oh, yeah. Won't take the bus. He won't pack his
own lunch. Won't let you spend the night on his
couch.
Oh, I, I was just glad to be invited. To
be honest, I don't always feel like I'm part of
the group.
You, you're pregnant?
Sounds like something a member of the group might know.
Oh, oh, okay. Um, uh, Sheldon, I've spent most of
my life feeling invisible, but having you and everyone…
Hey, Leonard.
Uh, is this not a dress-up party?
Was it ever a dress-up party?
Howard, didn't you tell me it was a dress-up party?
I was told this is where to go if I'm
mad at Howard.
Thanks. This thing kept getting caught in the chain of
my bike.
So what happened with you and Howard?
I'm jealous. Closest I've come to dating two women was
that time I dated one woman.
Two women, huh?
Boy, stuff like this really puts things in perspective.
Oh, uh, Howard thought it'd be funny to tell me
it was a costume party.
No, but he almost died, so we're cool.
How come your head has your face on it?
Don't you guys have anything better to do?
That's it, you just lost bathroom privileges at the comic
book store. Horse has a basket on it. Stupid… aaargh!
People are actually waiting in lines as a job? Boy,
makes me feel better about my life.
And now I feel worse again.
Hey.
I thought that might come up. Sheldon hired me to
go shopping with you.
No, it's not like that. There's a long line he'd
rather stand in. So what are we doing? Old Navy,
Build-A-Bear? I get paid either way.
You sure? I'm happy to hold your bag. And Sheldon
gave me money for a hotdog on a stick.
Look, lady, I just work here.
Sheldon, you are the most inconsiderate person I have ever
met in my entire life. Where do you get off
sending me to shop with your girlfriend?
Oh, I'm not upset with you, but Amy's pretty bent
out of shape, so she hired me to let you
have it.
You're darn right it's fair play, you selfish jerk.
Sheldon says he's sorry.
I would have done it for three.
Hey.
Uh, no, she's still pretty mad.
I said, Sheldon says he's sorry.
I'm happy to hold your place till you get back.
Consider it my way of getting more of your money.
Anyone else need anything before I go?
That's mean.
You look like Tigger if Tigger looked like a jackass.
